第1章 反派？但我是病娇
Chapter 1: Villain? But I'm a Yandere
观前提示：本书处在架空世界，无任何现实映射，无任何不良引导，无任何三观不正，无任何雪猩暴力，适用全年龄，请放心阅读
Disclaimer: This story is set in a fictional world and does not reflect reality. It contains no harmful guidance, questionable values, or graphic violence. It is suitable for all ages. Please read with confidence.
　　谢谢。
　　Thank you.
　　以下是正文
　　The story begins below.
　　【宿主，做吧，你已经没有回头路了！】
　　[Host, do it. You have no other choice!]
　　昏暗的地下室内，面容憔悴的赤瞳萝莉手握尖刀，沉着脸，脑瓜子不断回荡系统的声音，嗡嗡作响。
　　In the dim basement, a small, red-eyed girl with a tired face held a sharp knife. Her expression was serious as the system's voice echoed relentlessly in her head.
　　"咯吱"一声，面前的木板床发出一道声响。
　　With a creak, the wooden bed in front of her made a sound.
　　池小橙抬起一只眸子，散乱的碎刘海下眼神复杂。
　　池小橙 looked up, her eyes showing a complex mix of emotions from under her messy bangs.
　　一位皮肤白皙的娇气少女，正被固定在木板床上——双手双脚呈"大"字张开，手腕与脚踝都被限制。
　　A delicate-looking girl with fair skin was tied to the wooden bed—her arms and legs were spread out in an 'X' shape, with her wrists and ankles restrained.
　　白皙的脖颈还有纤细的腰肢，无一例外。
　　Her pale neck and slender waist were also tied down.
　　无法行动的她只能发出"呜呜"的声音。
　　Unable to move, she could only make muffled "Mmm, mmm" sounds.
　　眼睛噙着泪，不断地想说些什么。
　　Tears welled up in her eyes as she desperately tried to say something.
　　散乱的柔顺长发铺开，搭配俏丽绝世的容颜，此时的少女有着说不出的朦胧感。
　　Her long, soft hair was splayed out around her, and combined with her stunningly beautiful face, the girl had a certain dreamlike charm, even now.
　　对上少女愤怒的视线，池小橙心虚地挪开了眼睛。
　　Meeting the girl's angry gaze, 池小橙 guiltily looked away.
　　十分钟了，她怎么也想不到，自己竟然会穿越到小说里面。
　　It had been ten minutes, and she still couldn't believe it. She had actually been transported into a novel.
　　还成了活不过百章的炮灰女配！
　　And she'd become a minor villain who wouldn't even survive a hundred chapters!
　　这是一本书名为《炮灰女配全突突，男神全部入我怀》的女频小说。
　　The novel was a romance for a female audience, titled "Annihilate All the Minor Villains and Capture Every Handsome God."
　　剧情也和书名一样，在前中期，女主苏桃拳打无数女配反派，依靠自身的温柔将各种都市总裁、兵王、男神钓成翘嘴，逐渐走上人生巅峰。
　　Just as the title suggested, in the first half of the story, the main character, 苏桃, defeated countless female rivals and villains. Using her gentle nature, she charmed all sorts of handsome men—from city CEOs to elite soldiers—and gradually reached the pinnacle of her life.
　　而原主，是让所有读者印象最深的一个反派。
　　And the original owner of this body was the one villain who left the deepest impression on every reader.
　　她从小和苏桃一起长大，说是青梅竹马也不过分。
　　She grew up with 苏桃, so it wouldn't be wrong to call them childhood friends.
　　但苏桃实在是太优秀了，光芒将原主全面覆盖，无数男神为她倾心。
　　But 苏桃 was just too perfect. Her brilliance completely overshadowed the original owner, and countless handsome men fell for her.
　　如果苏桃是个渣女，接受所谓的男神还好。
　　If 苏桃 had been a bad person and accepted all those so-called "gods," it might have been easier to bear.
　　但她是男女通杀白月光系女主，一边拒绝所有男人，一边说着什么"小橙你才是我最珍贵的朋友"这种话。
　　But she was the "unattainable sweetheart" type of heroine who was loved by everyone. She rejected all the men while saying things like, "小橙, you are my most precious friend."
　　结果在原主看来，苏桃这就是在炫耀。
　　From the original owner's perspective, this was just 苏桃 showing off.
　　在嘲讽！
　　She was mocking her!
　　于是乎彻底黑化。
　　And so, she completely turned to the dark side.
　　处处与女主作对，几乎惹了喜欢她的所有男主和男配。
　　She opposed the heroine at every turn, angering nearly all the main male characters and supporting ones who liked her.
　　池小橙把玩着手中的小刀，皱眉回忆，"我没记错的话，这个炮灰将女主关进了小黑屋，用刀划烂她的脸，戳烂她的胸，各种折磨后，被其中一个男主的手下发现。"
　　池小橙 fiddled with the knife in her hand and frowned as she recalled the plot. "If I remember correctly, this villain locked the heroine in a dark room, cut her face with a knife, stabbed her chest, and after all kinds of torture, was discovered by one of the male lead's men."
　　"然后......"
　　"And then..."
　　男主暴怒之下，将原主打得奄奄一息后，又扔海里活活淹死。
　　The male lead, in a fit of rage, beat the original owner until she was barely breathing, then threw her into the sea to drown.
　　不仅如此，作为反派炮灰，自己出事了之后，连家人都不得幸免。
　　Not only that, but as a minor villain, after her downfall, even her family couldn't escape a terrible fate.
　　"也就是说，接下来我就要GG了？！"
　　"So, does that mean I'm about to be done for?!"
　　池小橙瞪大眼睛，心中大声哀嚎。
　　池小橙's eyes widened as she cried out in despair in her heart.
　　遇到卡车撞大运前，自己可也是曾经戴红领巾的三好青年啊！
　　Before she got lucky and was hit by a truck, she had been a model student who wore the red scarf!
　　大伙都是穿越，为毛就我是地狱开局。
　　Everyone gets transported to another world, so why do I get such a hellish start?
　　也是在这时，脑海中的反派系统再度出声了。
　　Just then, the villain system in her mind spoke up again.
　　【所以宿主不要犹豫啊，横竖都是一死，不如我们先看看眼前这个女主的滋味如何？】
　　[So don't hesitate, Host. You're going to die either way, so why not find out what this heroine tastes like first?]
　　"按照剧情，男主的小弟很快就要过来了吧，你还有心思让我去理女主？"
　　"According to the plot, the male lead's followers will be here soon, right? And you still want me to deal with the heroine?"
　　【我们是反派啊，就该做反派的事情才能获得情绪值！】
　　[We are villains! We have to do villainous things to earn Emotion Points!]
　　池小橙没听这废物反派系统的瞎比比，保住小命才是最重要的。
　　池小橙 ignored the useless villain system's nonsense. Saving her own skin was the most important thing.
　　好不容易重活一世，池小橙不想就此认命。
　　After finally getting a second chance at life, 池小橙 refused to just accept her fate.
　　重生穿越这种事，她早就在小说看过不知道多少遍了。
　　She had read about reincarnation and transportation in countless novels before.
　　为今之计，想保住小命只有一个办法！
　　Right now, there was only one way to save her life!
　　池小橙将视线放在了被限制的苏桃身上。
　　池小橙's gaze fell upon the restrained 苏桃.
　　该说不愧是书中唯一女主。
　　As expected of the novel's one and only heroine.
　　无论是颜值还是身材都处于顶尖水平。
　　Both her looks and her figure were top-tier.
　　可惜，她是个女孩子，莫得只因。
　　Too bad she was a girl and didn't have a... certain something.
　　但在苏桃眼里，池小橙一系列的心理活动，却又是另一副模样。
　　But in 苏桃's eyes, 池小橙's series of internal thoughts looked very different.
　　时而思索，时而脸上露出笑意，活脱脱一个疯子模样。
　　One moment she was thinking, the next she was smiling. She looked completely like a madwoman.
　　无论自己如何挣扎，她都没有任何怜悯。
　　No matter how much she struggled, she showed no pity.
　　到底为什么会这样呢？
　　Why did things turn out this way?
　　小橙，明明我们是最好的朋友不是吗？
　　小橙, weren't we supposed to be the best of friends?
　　在她胡思乱想之际，池小橙已经想好要怎么样保住自己小命了。
　　While she was lost in these chaotic thoughts, 池小橙 had already figured out a plan to save herself.
　　唯一的破局方法，就是女主！
　　The only way out of this situation was the heroine!
　　原主会死，很大程度就是苏桃对原主绝望了，任由男主们对原主下杀手。
　　The original owner died largely because 苏桃 had given up on her, allowing the male leads to kill her.
　　只要规避这点，那么存活率将会大幅提升！
　　If she could avoid that, her chances of survival would increase dramatically!
　　池小橙握着小刀，慢悠悠地走到苏桃旁边。
　　Holding the small knife, 池小橙 slowly walked over to 苏桃's side.
　　伸手一把将布带摘掉。
　　She reached out and ripped off the cloth gag.
　　"咳咳...咳咳咳！"
　　"Cough... cough, cough!"
　　苏桃剧烈咳嗽了起来。
　　苏桃 coughed violently.
　　好一会儿，她才艰难地看向池小橙，一双清纯无比的眸子半抹绝望，半抹不解。
　　After a moment, she managed to look at 池小橙, her innocent eyes filled with a mix of despair and confusion.
　　"小橙，为什么？"
　　"小橙, why?"
　　被绑在这里放置了半天，滴水未进的她声音有些嘶哑，"为什么要这样对我，我从来没有把你当成敌人啊！"
　　Having been tied up here for half a day without a drop of water, her voice was a little hoarse. "Why are you doing this to me? I never thought of you as an enemy!"
　　池小橙唇角上扬，倚身坐到床边，妖艳的赤瞳在黑暗中尤为醒目，她嘴角含笑，声音兴奋得止不住颤抖，"桃桃，你觉得是为什么呢？"
　　A smile played on 池小橙's lips as she sat on the edge of the bed. Her captivating red eyes stood out in the darkness. She smiled, her voice trembling with excitement, "桃桃, why do you think it is?"
　　她演技飙升，身上时刻散发着危险的气息。
　　Her acting skills were off the charts, and a dangerous aura radiated from her.
　　小手轻抚苏桃滑嫩的脸颊，让后者寒毛竖起。
　　Her small hand gently caressed 苏桃's smooth cheek, making the hairs on her neck stand on end.
　　"是...是因为叶良他们对吧，小橙你是喜欢他们，所以认为是我抢了他们对吧？"
　　"Is... is it because of 叶良 and the others? 小橙, you like them, so you think I stole them from you, right?"
　　苏桃惨笑，眼神是说不出的苦涩，"小橙，我早就跟你说过了，我们一起长大，你才是我最重要的人！"
　　苏桃 gave a bitter smile, her eyes filled with indescribable sadness. "小橙, I told you a long time ago. We grew up together. You are the most important person to me!"
　　她双眼露出希冀，语气也在这一瞬变得极为柔和，"呐小橙，放了我好吗，我不会怪你的，我们依旧可以做好朋友。"
　　A flicker of hope appeared in her eyes, and her tone softened. "Hey, 小橙, please let me go, okay? I won't blame you. We can still be good friends."
　　"那你为什么和他们走那么近呢？"
　　"Then why are you so close to them?"
　　"欸？"
　　"Huh?"
　　苏桃不明白池小橙的意思。
　　苏桃 didn't understand what 池小橙 meant.
　　池小橙陡然凑近，二人脸部距离咫尺之间。
　　池小橙 suddenly leaned in, their faces just inches apart.
　　苏桃能够感受到，池小橙那温热的呼吸拍打在脸颊，缕缕茶色的秀发垂落。
　　苏桃 could feel 池小橙's warm breath on her cheek, and strands of her light brown hair brushed against her skin.
　　不知是紧张还是害怕，苏桃心跳得很快。
　　Whether from nervousness or fear, 苏桃's heart was beating very fast.
　　池小橙一字一字地问道，"既然你觉得我是最重要的人，为什么还要和叶良、东方阳他们走那么近呢？"
　　池小橙 asked, enunciating each word carefully, "Since you think I'm the most important person to you, why do you still get so close to 叶良 and 东方阳?"
　　苏桃张了张嘴，一时语塞。
　　苏桃 opened her mouth to speak, but she was at a loss for words.
　　池小橙笑了，伸手掐住了苏桃的脸蛋，"桃桃，你根本不知道我想要的是什么。"
　　池小橙 smiled and pinched 苏桃's cheek. "桃桃, you have no idea what I really want."
　　"你以为我是喜欢叶良和司辰他们，所以我才嫉妒你针对你，和你作对，捣乱你和他们的关系对吧？"
　　"You think I like 叶良 and 司辰, and that's why I'm jealous, why I target you, oppose you, and try to ruin your relationships with them, right?"
　　苏桃被掐住了脸蛋，依旧艰难地发声反问，"难道不是吗？"
　　Though her cheeks were being pinched, 苏桃 managed to ask, "Isn't that true?"
　　作为闺蜜，她自认很熟悉池小橙。
　　As her best friend, she thought she knew 池小橙 very well.
　　二人友谊的小船翻了，可不就是因为她喜欢的男生不喜欢她而追求自己？
　　Their friendship fell apart because the boys she liked didn't like her back, but pursued her instead, right?
　　包括今天的绑架。
　　Including today's kidnapping.
　　因为下午，苏桃被迫接受了叶良的邀请一起去参加一个晚宴。
　　Because this afternoon, 苏桃 had been forced to accept 叶良's invitation to a dinner party.
　　她是以女伴的身份。
　　She was going as his date.
　　而池小橙，则被冷落、无视，甚至被叶良嘲讽。
　　Meanwhile, 池小橙 was left out, ignored, and even mocked by 叶良.
　　因妒生恨。
　　Her jealousy turned into hate.
　　所以在晚宴前夕绑架了自己。
　　That's why she kidnapped her right before the party.
　　不是苏桃自恋，而是在她的眼中，这就是真实发生的事情。
　　It wasn't that 苏桃 was conceited; from her perspective, this was exactly what had happened.
　　而原主，也确实因为这个原因才动手绑架。
　　And the original owner had indeed kidnapped her for this very reason.
　　她恨苏桃到了极点。
　　She hated 苏桃 to the core.
　　然而，灵魂已经彻底换人了的池小橙，说出的话却让苏桃震惊无比。
　　However, the words that came from 池小橙, whose soul had been completely replaced, left 苏桃 utterly shocked.
　　隐约有些病态的赤瞳萝莉癫狂地大笑出声，"桃桃，我从来都没有喜欢过叶良、东方阳他们。"
　　The red-eyed girl, looking slightly unhinged, let out a wild laugh. "桃桃, I have never, ever liked 叶良 or 东方阳."
　　池小橙将小嘴凑到了苏桃耳边，轻轻呼出一口热气，"桃桃，我最喜欢的人，是你啊！"
　　池小橙 leaned close to 苏桃's ear and whispered warmly, "桃桃, the person I like the most... is you!"
　　说完，又伸出粉嫩的小舌，舔了一下她的耳垂。
　　After saying that, she extended her small, pink tongue and licked her earlobe.
　　继续压低着声音，"桃桃，你知道吗？"
　　She continued in a low voice, "桃桃, did you know?"
　　"我爱你！我爱你！我爱你！"
　　"I love you! I love you! I love you!"
　　"我恨你！我恨你！我恨你！"
　　"I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!"
　　"既然我是你最重要的人，你为什么还要去接触叶良他们呢？"
　　"If I'm the most important person to you, then why do you need to get involved with 叶良 and the others?"
　　"有我一个，还不够么！"
　　"Isn't having me enough for you?!" 