 第2章 喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你
Chapter 2: I Like You, I Like You, I Like You

低沉嘶哑的颤音，如晴天霹雳般，让这位白月光女主愣在床上。
The low, hoarse tremor in her voice hit like a clap of thunder, leaving the main heroine stunned on her bed.

　　久久不能回神。
　　For a long time, she couldn't seem to process what was happening.

　　病娇萝莉计划！
　　The Yandere Loli Plan!

　　这就是池小橙破局的打算。
　　This was Chi Xiaocheng's plan to break the deadlock.

　　几个男主本身就很讨厌原主，如今再出这一次绑架，那些男主还不恨疯了自己。
　　The male leads already hated the original character, and after this kidnapping, they would surely be driven mad with hatred for her.

　　为今之计，想保住小命只能由女主去阻止他们。
　　At this point, the only way to save her own skin was to have the heroine stop them.

　　改邪归正？
　　Turn over a new leaf?

　　苏桃的人设是软萌温柔型白月光，平时心理活动很多，耳根子也很软。
　　Su Tao's character was the sweet and gentle "white moonlight" type. She often got lost in her own thoughts and was easily influenced by others.

　　几个男主基本强势点她就会失了方向，不够稳定。
　　If the male leads were even a little bit assertive, she would lose her direction. She wasn't stable enough.

　　只有在她内心留下足够深刻的印象，让她不得不去在意自己、保护自己，才能有存活的机会！
　　The only way to survive was to leave a deep enough impression on Su Tao's heart, forcing her to care about and protect Chi Xiaocheng!

　　而在池小橙思绪翻涌时，脑海中的系统也是不断响起“叮叮”的声音。
　　And as Chi Xiaocheng's thoughts raced, the system in her mind kept making a "ding, ding" sound.

　　【女主苏桃因为宿主的话语内心受到极大震撼】
　　[The heroine, Su Tao, is deeply shocked by the host's words]

　　【情绪值+3...】
　　[Emotion Points +3...]

　　【情绪值+10...】
　　[Emotion Points +10...]

　　这也是系统的主要功能之一，只要是原著重要的角色，无论是配角还是主角，因为池小橙的行动而产生巨大情绪波动时。
　　This was one of the system's main features. Whenever Chi Xiaocheng's actions caused a significant emotional reaction in any important character from the original story—be they a main or supporting character...

　　她就能够获得情绪值！
　　...she would gain Emotion Points!

　　情绪值的用处很多，包括抽奖，商城购买物品，查探小说未来的情节发展等。
　　Emotion Points had many uses, including prize draws, buying items in the shop, and looking into the novel's future plot developments.

　　只是这新手礼包，就需要100点情绪值才能开启。
　　But the starter pack alone required 100 Emotion Points to open.

　　别人都是白送，这系统却要花钱，纯粹的坑小萝莉系统。
　　Others got theirs for free, but this system made you pay. It was a total scam of a loli system.

　　才13点情绪值，远远不够！
　　Only 13 Emotion Points. Far from enough!

　　池小橙见苏桃因为过于震惊而没有反应，她单手撑住床沿，一翻身便站到了床上。
　　Seeing that Su Tao was too shocked to react, Chi Xiaocheng placed one hand on the edge of the bed and flipped herself up to a standing position on it.

　　她今天的穿着很朴素，白色水手服和黑色短裙，此番姿态居高临下。
　　She was dressed simply today in a white sailor uniform and a black short skirt, looking down from her commanding position.

　　白月光女主渐渐回神了，只是眼中依旧慌乱无措，“小橙，我...我不明白你是什么意思。”
　　The "white moonlight" heroine slowly came back to her senses, but her eyes were still filled with panic and confusion. "Xiaocheng, I... I don't understand what you mean."

　　从小一起长大。
　　They had grown up together.

　　当好姐妹十多年。
　　Best friends for over ten years.

　　苏桃一直以来只把池小橙当成最好的朋友，当成最爱护的妹妹。
　　Su Tao had always seen Chi Xiaocheng as her best friend, as a little sister she cherished and protected.

　　即便这两年闹了很多矛盾，她心中依旧觉得，池小橙还有救，她再努力努力纠正一下她的思想，二人一定会回到曾经的关系。
　　Even though they had fought a lot in the last two years, she still believed that Chi Xiaocheng could be saved. If she just tried a little harder to correct her thinking, they could definitely go back to how things used to be.

　　重新成为好朋友。
　　They could be good friends again.

　　可是现在，她就像想当太空人的喜之郎，被高兴的奶奶甩了一巴掌。
　　But now, she felt like a kid who proudly announced they wanted to be an astronaut, only to be slapped by their overjoyed grandmother. It made no sense.

　　曾经的好朋友，喜欢我？
　　My best friend from the past... is in love with me?

　　她脑袋很乱，失了分寸。
　　Her mind was a mess; she had lost all sense of composure.

　　提出的问题池小橙没有回应。
　　Chi Xiaocheng didn't answer her question.

　　又见她弯下腰，左右手撑在她腋下的床板。
　　Instead, Su Tao watched as she bent down, placing her hands on the bed on either side of her.

　　连1米6都没到的池小橙。
　　Chi Xiaocheng, not even 160 centimeters tall.

　　很轻。
　　Was very light.

　　苏桃几乎没感觉到任何重量。
　　Su Tao could barely feel any weight on the bed.

　　视线中的池小橙又弓腰靠前，一抹芳香钻入苏桃鼻尖。
　　As Chi Xiaocheng leaned closer, a sweet fragrance drifted into Su Tao's nose.

　　茶色的秀发又垂在脸颊的一侧，苏桃看着那一只小手轻轻抚上自己的脸颊。
　　Her light brown hair fell to one side of her face, and Su Tao watched as a small hand gently caressed her cheek.

　　指尖轻轻触碰。
　　A soft touch from her fingertips.

　　很快池小橙就露出了妖艳喜欢的笑容。
　　Soon, Chi Xiaocheng revealed a captivating, fond smile.

　　一半是装的，其中一般是真的喜欢，目的为的就是让苏桃意识到自己在做什么。
　　Half of it was an act, but the other half was genuine affection, designed to make Su Tao realize exactly what was happening.

　　伸手又将苏桃凌乱的秀发撩至耳后，池小橙呼了口气。
　　She reached out and tucked Su Tao's messy hair behind her ear, then Chi Xiaocheng took a breath.

　　给苏桃几秒的反应和接受时间后。
　　After giving Su Tao a few seconds to react and process...

　　池小橙声音很温柔，“桃桃，我喜欢你，非常非常喜欢你，自从小时候，你保护了被欺负的我，牵着我的手从阴暗的角落走向阳光底下的时候。”
　　Chi Xiaocheng's voice was gentle. "Taotao, I like you. I really, really like you. Ever since we were little, when you protected me from the bullies, when you took my hand and led me from that dark corner into the sunlight."

　　“我就无可救药地喜欢上你了！”
　　"I fell hopelessly in love with you!"

　　池小橙盯着苏桃那无措的眼神，“我知道懂事才能待在你的身边，所以我一直都是偷偷地喜欢你，想着你不喜欢我也没关系，我远远地看着你就好了！”
　　Chi Xiaocheng stared into Su Tao's helpless eyes. "I knew I had to be well-behaved to stay by your side, so I always loved you in secret, thinking it would be okay even if you didn't love me back. I was happy just watching you from afar!"

　　“但是呢，但是！”池小橙的语气霎时又重了起来，“你一直跟我说，我才是你最珍贵的朋友，是你最重要的人，是你最喜欢的人！”
　　"But then, BUT!" Chi Xiaocheng's tone suddenly became sharp. "You always told me that I was your most precious friend, your most important person, the one you liked the most!"

　　“既然你都这样跟我说了，为什么又要背叛我！”
　　"If you said all that to me, why did you betray me!"

　　如同咒骂地狱的恶鬼，池小橙声线变得怨恨了起来，“叶良、司辰、东方阳，你已经有了我为什么还要接近他们！”
　　Like a demon screaming from the depths of hell, Chi Xiaocheng's voice filled with hatred. "Ye Liang, Si Chen, Dongfang Yang! You already had me, so why did you get close to them!"

　　最后一句话，几乎是嘶吼着喊出来。
　　The last sentence was almost a roar.

　　苏桃开始奋力挣扎，只是她全身都已经被拘束住了，到嘴边的话语愈发着急，“不是的小橙，我只是......”
　　Su Tao began to struggle fiercely, but she was completely tied up. The words tumbled out in a rush, "No, Xiaocheng, I just..."

　　话还没说出来，就被池小橙猛地掐住脸颊打断。
　　Before she could finish, Chi Xiaocheng forcefully grabbed her cheeks, cutting her off.

　　她的声音又病态地温柔了起来，“不用解释的，桃桃，无论怎样，我都会喜欢你，而你也只能是我一个人的。”
　　Her voice became sickeningly sweet again. "No need to explain, Taotao. No matter what, I will always love you. And you can only belong to me."

　　偏执又带着丝丝癫狂的声线，让苏桃有些措手不及。
　　The paranoid and slightly crazed tone in her voice caught Su Tao completely off guard.

　　前一秒说话温柔，后一秒急转直下。
　　One moment her voice was gentle, the next it took a dark turn.

　　苏桃好似猜到了池小橙要做什么，见对方渐渐靠近，慌乱焦急地说道，“小橙你听我解释，无论是叶良还是东方阳，我没有……”
　　Su Tao seemed to guess what Chi Xiaocheng was about to do. Seeing her get closer, she said in a panic, "Xiaocheng, listen to me, whether it's Ye Liang or Dongfang Yang, I didn't..."

　　“唔——！”
　　“Mmph—!”

　　声音戛然而止。
　　The sound stopped abruptly.

　　苏桃眼睛猛地瞪大。
　　Su Tao's eyes flew wide open.

　　挣扎的身子一瞬间安静了下来。
　　Her struggling body went still for a moment.

　　随后是更加剧烈的挣扎。
　　Then, she began to struggle even more violently.

　　【女主苏桃因为宿主的动作内心受到极大震撼】
　　[The heroine, Su Tao, is deeply shocked by the host's actions]

　　【情绪值+5...】
　　[Emotion Points +5...]

　　【情绪值+8...】
　　[Emotion Points +8...]

　　【情绪值+14...】
　　[Emotion Points +14...]

　　脑海中的情绪值提示不断响起。
　　The notifications for Emotion Points kept ringing in her head.

　　池小橙知道这是因为一连串的信息量让苏桃脑子处理不过来才会这样。
　　Chi Xiaocheng knew this was happening because the flood of information was too much for Su Tao's mind to handle.

　　但新手礼包要100情绪点才能购买，这些依旧不够。
　　But the starter pack cost 100 Emotion Points, and this still wasn't enough.

　　感受着苏桃那无力的挣扎，池小橙心中冷笑。
　　Feeling Su Tao's weak struggles, Chi Xiaocheng sneered inwardly.

　　顿时错开漂亮又带些弧度的弯月。
　　Suddenly, she shifted away from those beautiful, crescent-like lips.

　　尖尖的小虎牙用力咬下。
　　Her small, sharp canine teeth bit down hard.

　　这样印象才深刻嘛。
　　This would definitely leave a lasting impression.

　　而也是在这个时候，这间地下室的木门，猛地被踹开了，“苏桃小姐！”
　　And just at that moment, the wooden door of the basement was kicked open with a loud bang. "Miss Su Tao!"

　　一个西装男喘着粗气，扶着门槛，脸色满是焦急。
　　A man in a suit stood there, panting, leaning against the doorframe with a look of pure anxiety on his face.

　　下一秒，他呆住了。
　　The next second, he froze.

　　这是......什么情况？
　　What... was this situation?

　　犹记得少爷找到苏桃小姐的位置后，疯了一样让自己迅速过来，说再晚一步苏桃小姐就会受到伤害。
　　He remembered how his young master had gone crazy after finding Miss Su Tao's location, ordering him to rush over, saying that any delay would mean Miss Su Tao would be harmed.

　　现在看来
　　Looking at it now...

　　好像并不会受到伤害？
　　It didn't exactly look like she was being harmed?

　　西装保镖怎么也想不到，地下室里竟然是这么暧昧的一幕。
　　The bodyguard could never have imagined that such an intimate scene would be unfolding in the basement.

　　他侧面的视角中，苏桃被限制，池小橙跪坐在床，俯身弓腰，像是在
　　From his side view, Su Tao was restrained, and Chi Xiaocheng was kneeling on the bed, leaning over her, as if...

　　画面太美好，有点不好意思看。
　　The scene was so intense, he felt a little embarrassed to look.

　　旋即猛地反应了过来，他严肃地指着池小橙，“放开苏桃小姐！”
　　Then, he snapped back to reality. He pointed a stern finger at Chi Xiaocheng. "Let go of Miss Su Tao!"

　　这道声音，同时惊到了池小橙和苏桃。
　　The voice startled both Chi Xiaocheng and Su Tao.

　　她单手一撑，床板发出“吱呀”一声闷响，身体轻盈地抬起。
　　With a single hand, she pushed herself up, the bed creaking as her light body lifted.

　　池小橙面露不悦，缓缓转过头，几缕秀发垂到眼帘，目光斜斜地扫向来人，那双赤瞳在昏暗的光线中闪烁着异样的光芒。
　　Chi Xiaocheng looked annoyed. She slowly turned her head, a few strands of hair falling over her eyes. She glanced sideways at the newcomer, her red pupils glinting strangely in the dim light.

　　那小刀不知何时已经被她重新攥在了手中。
　　Somehow, the small knife was back in her hand.

　　而后，抵到了苏桃的脖颈前。
　　And then, she pressed it against Su Tao's neck.

　　冷冷地看着西装保镖，“出去，否则你知道是什么下场！”
　　She stared coldly at the bodyguard. "Get out. Or you know what will happen!"
