第3章 要坏掉惹
Chapter 3: I'm Going to Break
见到那折射着寒芒的小刀，西装男顿时头皮发麻。
Seeing the small knife reflecting a cold light, the man in the suit felt a chill run down his spine.
刚刚略显美好的一幕好似幻觉。
The somewhat beautiful scene from just a moment ago felt like an illusion.
疯癫且走投无路，才是眼前这个泛着妖艳红芒的赤瞳萝莉的本质。
Crazy and desperate—that was the true nature of this crimson-eyed loli, whose eyes held a bewitching red glow.
他咽了一口唾沫，暗暗瞥了眼紧闭双眼并正在颤抖的苏桃，轻轻迈出一步，同时说道。
He swallowed hard, glanced at Su Tao, whose eyes were shut tight as she trembled, and took a small step forward, speaking cautiously.
"你...你别冲动，我......"
"You... you don't do anything rash, I..."
话还没说完，就被池小橙打断道，"我数到3，你不出去就等着替她收尸吧！"
Before he could finish, Chi Xiao Cheng cut him off. "I'll count to three. If you're not out, you can get ready to collect her body!"
说着，又自顾自沉醉地看向了苏桃，低声地說着，"没事的哦桃桃，现在这样我早就想结束了，但是路上没有你的陪伴会很寂寞呢~"
As she spoke, she turned her gaze back to Su Tao, lost in her own world, and whispered, "It's okay, Tao Tao. I've wanted to end things like this for a long time, but the journey would be so lonely without you~"
我不是要拉你垫背。
I'm not trying to drag you down with me.
是我喜欢你。
It's because I like you.
所以不管在哪，我们都要在一起！
So no matter where we go, we have to be together!
甚至不给苏桃开口的机会，池小橙又瞪向西装男，"3！"
Without even giving Su Tao a chance to speak, Chi Xiao Cheng glared at the man in the suit again. "Three!"
"?"
"?"
西装男顿时大惊失色。
The man in the suit was instantly horrified.
1和2哪去了！
What happened to one and two?!
他头皮发麻，没办法只得迅速退出门外。
His scalp tingled with fear. He had no choice but to quickly exit the room.
同时还贴心地为池小橙关上了地下室的门，拿出手机迅速给自家少爷叶良打电话。
He even thoughtfully closed the basement door for Chi Xiao Cheng before taking out his phone to quickly call his young master, Ye Liang.
而见到他出去的那一刻，池小橙也是在心中暗暗地松了口气。
The moment she saw him leave, Chi Xiao Cheng secretly let out a sigh of relief.
同时，系统声音在脑海响起。
At the same time, the System's voice echoed in her mind.
【叮！恭喜宿主达到100点情绪值，是否兑换新手礼包？】
[Ding! Congratulations, Host, you have reached 100 Emotion Points. Would you like to redeem the Newbie Gift Pack?]
"兑换！"
"Redeem!"
在心中喊了一声，池小橙眼前跳出只有她能看到的虚拟面板。
She shouted internally, and a virtual panel that only she could see popped up before her eyes.
【新手礼包兑换成功】
[Newbie Gift Pack successfully redeemed.]
【获得随机技能演技（中级）、痛感减弱（中级）、加料液体（初级）】
[Obtained random skills: Acting (Intermediate), Pain Reduction (Intermediate), Spiked Liquid (Beginner).]
前两个技能池小橙还能理解。
Chi Xiao Cheng could understand the first two skills.
第三个技能就
But the third one...
"系统，加料液体是什么意思？"
"System, what does 'Spiked Liquid' mean?"
【只要是宿主直接或间接触碰得到的液体，都可以由宿主自主控制其中的味道、营养、是否有害】
[Any liquid the Host touches, directly or indirectly, can have its flavor, nutritional value, and harmfulness controlled by the Host.]
池小橙："???"
Chi Xiao Cheng: "???"
她想到了一些本子上才会出现的展开。
She thought of some scenarios you'd only find in... certain kinds of stories.
众所周知，女孩子身上可以加料的液体有很多很多。
As everyone knows, there are many, many liquids a girl has that can be "spiked".
不过现在情况危急，顾不得她瞎想。
But the situation was urgent, so she couldn't let her imagination run wild.
原本，池小橙打算趁着男主还没来，从另一个暗门赶紧跑。
Originally, Chi Xiao Cheng had planned to escape through another secret door before the male lead arrived.
现在的话
But now...
她视线停在了苏桃脸上。
Her gaze rested on Su Tao's face.
这位白月光女主因为发生的事情太多了，大脑似乎已经宕机。
This "white moonlight" female lead seemed to have a brain freeze from everything that had happened.
只是呆呆地微微张嘴。
She just stared blankly, her mouth slightly open.
瞳孔无神。
Her eyes were vacant.
像是被玩坏了的样子。
She looked like a broken doll.
其实池小橙知道，她只是处理不过来这么多信息量，失神了而已。
In truth, Chi Xiao Cheng knew she was just overwhelmed by all the information and had zoned out.
所谓富贵险中求！
Fortune favors the bold!
池小橙有了更加让人记忆深刻的想法。
Chi Xiao Cheng had an idea for something even more memorable.
勾唇一笑。
A smile curved her lips.
那样子可能桃桃会接受不了，但作为女主一定是有非常坚定的意志吧？
Tao Tao might not be able to handle it, but as the female lead, she must have a very strong will, right?
那么，要试试吗？
So, shall we give it a try?
苏桃没能说话，回应她的，是床板不断摇晃的声音。
Su Tao couldn't speak. The only response was the sound of the bedframe shaking continuously.
而在门外，西装男终于拨通了叶良的电话，着急地说道，"少爷你到哪里了，我这边发生大事了，要怎么办啊！"
Outside, the man in the suit finally got through to Ye Liang and said anxiously, "Young Master, where are you? Something big is happening here, what should I do!"
叶良深沉的声音中带着一丝焦急，"再有两分钟我就能到了，你那边什么情况？"
Ye Liang's deep voice carried a hint of urgency. "I'll be there in two minutes. What's the situation on your end?"
"我找到地下室了，但那个池小橙拿苏桃小姐威胁我，我动不了手啊！"
"I found the basement, but that Chi Xiao Cheng is using Miss Su Tao to threaten me. I can't make a move!"
"该死的贱人！"叶良骂了一句，"我看那女人八成是疯了，你先稳住她的情绪，我立刻就来！"
"Damn that woman!" Ye Liang cursed. "I think she's gone crazy. Keep her calm for now, I'm coming right away!"
也是在这时，地下室内苏桃挣扎的喘息声和木板床咯吱咯吱响的声音传出，电话对面的叶良顿时愣了一下，"你那边是什么声音？"
Just then, the sounds of Su Tao's struggling gasps and the creaking of the wooden bed came from the basement. On the other end of the line, Ye Liang paused. "What's that sound on your end?"
"这......"
"This is..."
西装男回头看着木门，一时语塞。
The man in the suit looked back at the wooden door, momentarily at a loss for words.
他不由回想到了刚刚见到的一幕。
He couldn't help but recall the scene he had just witnessed.
刚刚还只是亲一下。
A moment ago, it was just a kiss.
现在床板都响了。
Now the bedframe was shaking.
在里面干什么他都不敢想！
He didn't dare to imagine what they were doing in there!
你们两个都是女孩子啊，怎么玩得这么大的？
You're both girls, how can you be playing so wild?
他看着仍在通话的手机，陷入了沉思。
He stared at his phone, still on the call, and fell deep in thought.
叶良催促道，"说啊，你那边什么情况！"
Ye Liang urged him, "Speak! What's going on over there!"
西装男深呼吸了一口气，"少...少爷，我接下来要说的事很恐怖，您千万别生气。"
The man in the suit took a deep breath. "Young... Young Master, what I'm about to say is very shocking. Please, don't get angry."
"废什么话，快说！你那边到底是什么情况！"
"Stop wasting time and just say it! What exactly is the situation!"
西装男："少爷，我猜测，您可能被绿了。"
The man in the suit: "Young Master, I suspect... you might have been cheated on."
叶良："谁那么大胆子！"
Ye Liang: "Who would dare!"
"池...池小橙？"
"Chi... Chi Xiao Cheng?"
"???"
"???"
足有三分钟，叶良终于赶了过来。
A full three minutes later, Ye Liang finally arrived.
斜刘海，黑夹克，一米八的身高很有气势，他带着好几个保镖来到了地下室门口。
With his side-swept bangs, black jacket, and imposing 180cm height, he and several bodyguards reached the basement door.
瞥见在门口唯唯诺诺的西装男，不由冷着脸臭骂了一句，"废物！"
Catching sight of the timid man in the suit at the entrance, he shot him a cold look and cursed, "Useless!"
而后，一脚将门踢开。
Then, he kicked the door open.
"池小橙，我警告你——"
"Chi Xiao Cheng, I'm warning you—"
话音未落，房间哪里还有池小橙的身影。
Before he could finish, there was no sign of Chi Xiao Cheng in the room.
苏桃依旧被绑在床上，微微张嘴，双眼无神。
Su Tao was still tied to the bed, her mouth slightly agape and her eyes vacant.
一头秀发披散两肩，脸色惨白。
Her beautiful hair was splayed over her shoulders, her face pale.
地下室的一侧，一扇暗门半遮半掩。
On one side of the basement, a secret door was half-open.
叶良赶忙回神，迅速走到苏桃身边，"苏桃，你没事吧？！"
Ye Liang quickly snapped back to his senses and rushed to Su Tao's side. "Su Tao, are you okay?!"
听到这紧张的男声，苏桃愣了一下，缓缓回神。
Hearing the anxious male voice, Su Tao paused for a moment, slowly coming back to reality.
笑容宛若凋零的玫瑰，"叶良，你来啦..."
Her smile was like a wilting rose. "Ye Liang, you're here..."
听到这沙哑的声音，叶良更是心中一疼。
Hearing her hoarse voice, Ye Liang's heart ached even more.
攥紧拳头，"池小橙，我一定要让她付出代价！"
He clenched his fists. "Chi Xiao Cheng, I will make her pay!"
苏姚听到这个名字，顿时又是心中一紧。
Hearing that name, Su Tao's heart tightened again.
耳边仿佛还萦绕着那病态软的声线。
That sickly sweet voice seemed to still linger in her ears.
那声音不断地对她说——我喜欢你。
That voice, constantly telling her—I like you.
她抿了抿唇边的橙汁，看向叶良，"先...先别管小橙了吧。"
She licked the orange juice from her lips and looked at Ye Liang. "For... for now, let's just leave Xiao Cheng alone."
叶良依旧怒火滔天，"苏桃，你就是太善良了，你都被她折磨成这样了，我不管池小橙还管什么！"
Ye Liang was still furious. "Su Tao, you're just too kind! After she tormented you like this, how can I not go after her!"
"额......"一旁的西装男弱弱举手，"少爷，要不先把苏桃小姐身上的镣铐打开？"
"Um..." the man in the suit timidly raised his hand. "Young Master, maybe we should unlock Miss Su Tao's shackles first?"
叶良顿时脸色一尬。
Ye Liang's face instantly became awkward.
"抱歉，情绪太激动我忘了，苏桃我这就帮你解开。"
"Sorry, I was so emotional I forgot. Su Tao, I'll unlock them for you right now."
一番寻找，很快就找到了池小橙刻意留在桌面上的钥匙。
After a bit of searching, he quickly found the key Chi Xiao Cheng had intentionally left on the table.
"苏桃，池小橙她没对你怎么样吧？"
"Su Tao, Chi Xiao Cheng didn't do anything to you, did she?"
听到这话，苏桃下意识地将指尖搭在唇边。
Hearing this, Su Tao subconsciously touched her fingertips to her lips.
初......没了。
My first... is gone.
她还伸了舌……
She even... used her tongue...
她和那个西装男对视了一眼，二人都沉默了。
She and the man in the suit looked at each other, and both fell silent.
第4章 她的味道
Chapter 4: Her Taste 