第5章 对不起你，但喜欢你
Chapter 5: Sorry, But I Like You
而被关心念叨的池小橙本人，回到自己所在的小区后，一进门，就重重摔在了玄关的地毯上。
As for 池小橙, the very person they were worried about, she had just gotten back to her apartment complex. The moment she stepped inside, she collapsed heavily onto the rug in the entryway.
脑海一阵眩晕，呼吸急促。
Her head spun, and her breathing became rapid.
这具身体太虚弱了。
This body was just too weak.
本身就是一个营养不良的病弱萝莉，现在还经历了这样一段追逐。
She was already a frail, undernourished girl, and now she had just been through a chase like that.
当肾上腺素褪去的一瞬间，池小橙才后知后觉地感觉到窒息般的难受。
The moment her adrenaline faded, a suffocating feeling washed over 池小橙, and she only then realized how awful she felt.
头晕眼花，仅靠着一丝理智强撑着不让自己倒下。
Dizzy and seeing spots, she clung to the last bit of her consciousness to keep from passing out.
"系统，我现在有多少情绪值？"
"System, how many Emotion Points do I have now?"
池小橙用力爬了起来，小小的身子靠在鞋柜，双腿向外敞开伸直，不雅的动作将裙摆上翻。
池小橙 forced herself up. Her small frame leaned against the shoe cabinet, and she slumped down with her legs stretched out in front of her. The unladylike position made her skirt ride up.
即便形象很是不雅，但池小橙也在乎不了那么多了。
Even though it was a very improper pose, 池小橙 couldn't bring herself to care anymore.
脑海中的系统回应道。
The System in her mind replied.
【回宿主，68点。】
【In response to Host: 68 points.】
"居然还挺多。"
"Wow, that's more than I expected."
她还以为购买新手礼包，已经消耗了自己的全部情绪值。
She thought buying the beginner's pack had used up all of her Emotion Points.
【叶良也因为苏桃的话，对宿主产生了情绪反应。】
【叶良 also had an emotional reaction to you because of what 苏桃 said.】
池小橙看了下记录，叶良提供的情绪值仅仅30点。
池小橙 checked the log. The Emotion Points from 叶良 were only 30.
一个人如果想杀另一个人。
If someone truly intended to kill another person,
绝不会就提供那么点情绪值。
they would never generate so few Emotion Points.
看来是苏桃劝住了他。
It seems 苏桃 talked him out of it.
真不愧是桃桃呢
That's my Tao Tao, alright.
替自己保住了小命。
She saved my life.
池小橙露出开心的笑容，只是配上那有着些许干涸的唇角，这笑容显得有些妖艳。
池小橙 let out a happy smile, but paired with her slightly dry lips, the expression looked a little bewitching.
"系统，帮我筛选商品，在能购买的情况下我需要能立即对我的身体进行治疗的药品。"
"System, filter the shop for me. I need to buy medicine that can heal my body right away."
【推荐购买系统牌维生素C药物，一粒见效。】
【Recommendation: Purchase the System-brand Vitamin C pill. Effective in one dose.】
"买买买！"
"Buy, buy, buy!"
【已消费50点情绪值。】
【50 Emotion Points have been spent.】
白光一闪，池小橙手里就多了一粒药丸，同时另一只手系统还贴心地准备了一杯水。
With a flash of white light, a pill appeared in 池小橙's hand. At the same time, the System thoughtfully provided a glass of water in her other hand.
当即咽下。
She swallowed it immediately.
没一会儿，她就感觉自己身体传来了阵阵舒适的暖和感。
A moment later, she felt a comfortable warmth spreading through her body.
小腹热热的。
Her lower abdomen felt warm.
本来产生的耳鸣渐渐消退，身体也恢复了些许力气。
The ringing in her ears began to fade, and some strength returned to her limbs.
缓了十多分钟，池小橙才慢慢起身。
After resting for about ten minutes, 池小橙 slowly got to her feet.
"起效快是快，就是太贵了。"
"It works fast, that's for sure, but it's too expensive."
50点情绪值，这可是自己拿命换的啊！
50 Emotion Points! She had practically traded her life for those!
直到现在，脱离了危险，池小橙才有机会回顾自己这个角色的境况。
Only now, free from danger, did 池小橙 have a chance to think about her character's situation.
毫无疑问，炮灰反派女配无疑。
Without a doubt, she was the disposable villainess.
而且是个智商低下，不懂审时度势，也不懂利用自己优势的炮灰。
And a foolish one at that—one who couldn't read the room or use her own advantages.
女主对她很好，身边除了那几个男主，也不乏一大堆男配舔狗追求她。
The heroine treated her well, and besides the main male leads, there was a whole crowd of supporting male characters chasing after her.
但凡多利用一下女主和身边的配角们，当一个白莲花的角色离间一下女主和其他男配的关系，都能过上不错的生活，运气好没准能逆袭其中一个男主。
If she had just used the heroine and the other characters around her, played the part of an innocent "white lotus" to drive a wedge between the heroine and the male leads, she could have lived a decent life. With some luck, she might have even won over one of the male leads.
奈何像是被下了降头一样。
But it was as if she was cursed.
疯狂针对珍视自己的女主，和那些本来好感还不错的男主们。
She relentlessly targeted the heroine who cherished her, and the male leads who originally had a decent impression of her.
如果说两年前女主苏桃对池小橙的好感度是80点。
If you could say that two years ago, the heroine 苏桃's favorability toward 池小橙 was 80 points...
那么现在估计被败坏了一大半。
...then now, it had probably been ruined by more than half.
"真是白瞎了这具身体和自身关系的优势。"
"What a waste of this body and all the advantages she had."
池小橙感叹着喝了口水，"也许这就是炮灰的命数吧，是死是活全看作者怎么写。"
池小橙 sighed and took a sip of water. "Maybe this is just the fate of a disposable character. Whether I live or die is all up to the author."
想要改变这样的死亡结局不简单。
Changing a deadly fate like this wouldn't be simple.
但。
But.
也不是完全没有机会。
It wasn't completely hopeless.
只要女主苏桃没放弃自己，凭着女主光环，也能暂时保一条小命。
As long as the heroine 苏桃 hadn't given up on her, she could rely on the "protagonist's aura" to stay alive for now.
甩了甩脑袋，池小橙暂时将那些想法扔出去。
Shaking her head, 池小橙 pushed those thoughts aside for the time being.
在地下室待了那么久，又和苏桃亲密互动，最后还被追逐了一路，池小橙感觉自己身上脏兮兮的。
After spending so long in the basement, having that close interaction with 苏桃, and then being chased, 池小橙 felt completely filthy.
迫不及待地想去洗个澡。
She couldn't wait to take a shower.
还未脱衣服，她来到浴室外的洗漱台前，看向镜中的自己时，顿时被吓了一跳。
Before she even took off her clothes, she went to the sink outside the bathroom. When she looked at herself in the mirror, she jumped in shock.
"这是什么鬼？"
"What in the world is this?"
只见镜子中，那张略微圆润的脸蛋满是糟糕的粉底，因为出过汗不少地方妆都花了。
In the mirror, her slightly round face was covered in terrible foundation, which was smudged in many places from sweat.
眼线不会画，腮红乱抹，这一看就知道是极为劣质的化妆品。
The eyeliner was drawn badly, the blush was a mess—you could tell at a glance that it was all extremely cheap makeup.
再漂亮的女孩子，这样糟蹋颜值分数也高不到哪去吧？
No matter how pretty a girl is, ruining her face like this would drag her score way down, right?
直到这时，池小橙才想起来，原主被身边的姐妹影响，认为大学生就该美美地化妆，画得怎样不重要，重要的是一种自信。
It was only then that 池小橙 remembered. The original owner had been influenced by her "friends," who believed that college students should wear pretty makeup. It didn't matter how it was applied; what mattered was the confidence it supposedly gave.
每次这样鬼画符后，那些所谓的姐妹都会夸她"姐妹好看自信放光芒"，发照片到小红薯也是清一色地被人夸"妹妹这样很漂亮""妹妹底子很好"之类的话，一根筋的原主还真信了她们的话。
Every time she painted her face like this, those so-called friends would praise her, saying, "Girl, you look so good, glowing with confidence!" When she posted photos online, she'd get a flood of comments like, "You're so pretty," and "You have such a good foundation to work with." The simple-minded original owner actually believed them.
每天都一副鬼脸。
She wore that ghastly face every single day.
"怪不得男主们的好感低得不行，这可是一个看脸的社会啊！"
"No wonder the male leads' favorability is so low. This is a society that judges you on your looks!"
池小橙无比庆幸，刚刚让那位柚子厨路人老哥帮忙伸张正义时没抬头给她看脸。
池小橙 was incredibly thankful that she hadn't looked up and shown her face to that kind "Yuzu-soft fan" who helped her out.
否则结果就不是现在这样了。
Otherwise, the outcome would have been very different.
"脏得连我自己都看不下去了。"
"It's so messy, even I can't stand looking at it."
她用水就抹，旋即又想起了什么，"这种应该用卸妆水来着，我看看在哪......"
She started wiping it off with water, then suddenly remembered something. "I should be using makeup remover for this. Let me see where it is..."
前世她都没怎么碰过化妆品，现在……嗯，很好地代入了原主小姐这样娇嫩女孩子的身份。
In her past life, she had barely ever touched makeup. And now... well, she was fitting perfectly into the role of a delicate young girl like the original owner.
一番折腾，廉价的化妆品终于被抹去。
After some effort, the cheap makeup was finally wiped away.
那张掺着水珠的素颜小脸跃然镜前。
A fresh, bare face, dotted with water droplets, appeared in the mirror.
琼鼻小巧，五官精致，面容虽然有些憔悴，可本就病恹恹的表情平添一抹我见犹怜的病弱感。
A small, elegant nose, delicate features, and though her face was a bit worn out, her naturally frail expression added a touch of pitiful, sickly beauty.
一头茶色长发披散，池小橙摸了摸，大眼睛迸射出光芒。
Her tea-colored hair fell loosely over her shoulders. 池小橙 touched it, her big eyes sparkling with light.
发质很好，看不出是营养不良的样子。
The hair quality was excellent; you couldn't tell she was undernourished.
而且关键是这素颜也太可爱了！
And the key thing was, her bare face was just too cute!
稍许婴儿肥的脸蛋一嘟嘴，合法萝莉的可爱杀伤力足以对任何一个萝莉控产生暴击。
With a slight pout of her chubby cheeks, the cute charm of a "legal loli" was powerful enough to be a critical hit for any lolita fan.
肌肤也如羊脂玉般白皙。
Her skin was also as white as mutton-fat jade.
"原主怎么想的，这素颜那得爆杀多少同龄女生，那样鬼画符一样的化妆把颜值拉低了好几个档次啊！"
"What was the original owner thinking? This bare face could easily outshine so many girls her age. That awful makeup dragged her looks down several levels!"
"再不济，戴个黑框眼镜，穿件厚实的丑大衣，表现较弱一点，光是这张惹人怜惜的小脸蛋都能cos沈幼楚了。"
"At the very least, if she wore black-rimmed glasses and a thick, ugly coat, and acted a little weaker, this pitiful face alone could pull off a cosplay of Shen Youchu."
"啊——"
"Ah—"
池小橙又张开嘴巴看了一眼。
池小橙 opened her mouth and took another look.
舌头粉嫩，皓齿小巧平整，一颗尖尖的小虎牙略微突出，但并不影响整体观看，对于某些受众群体来说这还是萌点之一。
Her tongue was pink, her teeth small and even. A single, sharp little canine tooth stuck out slightly, but it didn't ruin the overall look. For a certain audience, this was actually a cute feature.
"这颜值，这么可爱，要是穿越的时间线是小时候，哪里还有所谓男主们的事情。"
"With these looks, so cute... if I had transmigrated back when she was a child, the male leads would never have stood a chance."
池小橙随随便便就能把苏桃拿下。
池小橙 could have easily won over 苏桃 herself.
她迈进浴室洗澡。
She stepped into the bathroom to take a shower.
很多东西都不需要在意大小，有型则灵，圆润则行。
Size isn't everything; shape and roundness are what matter.
自身的条件已经足够完美。
Her own assets were already perfect enough.
虽然身子瘦了点，但于1米52的身高来说不算贫瘠。
Although she was a bit thin, for her 152cm height, she wasn't lacking at all.
要不是现在身体太虚了点，池小橙还真想体验一下。
If her body wasn't so weak right now, 池小橙 would have really liked to... test things out.
擦干身上的水珠。
She dried the water droplets from her body.
又走进房间打开衣柜。
Then she went back to her room and opened the closet.
穿好衣服后，她才皱眉地看着房间的摆设。
After getting dressed, she frowned as she looked at the room's decor.
与本身病弱可爱的样貌不同，房间里布满了不祥的东西。
Unlike her own frail and cute appearance, the room was filled with ominous things.
墙上贴着几张苏桃和男主的合照，桌上是的一个笔记本也写满了"苏桃"二字，除此之外还有各个男主的名字，一大片的红笔线将这些名字涂得深红，就连墙壁上的合照，一张张人脸也被划烂。
On the wall were several photos of 苏桃 with the male leads. A notebook on the desk was filled with the name "苏桃," alongside the names of the various male leads. Thick red lines were scribbled over these names, and even in the photos on the wall, the faces had been scratched out.
池小橙叹了一口气，开始忙活起来。
池小橙 let out a sigh and got busy.
把这些曾经的东西全部打包扔掉，直至房间变得朴素简单后，才擦了擦香汗。
She packed up all of these old things and threw them away. Only when the room was plain and simple again did she wipe the sweat from her brow.
又拿出手机。
She took out her phone again.
思索再三，她对着自己素颜小脸，打了一个冷光灯让自己更趋近于冷白皮后，拼命挤出两滴眼泪。
After thinking it over, she pointed the camera at her bare face, used a cool light to make her skin look paler, and squeezed out a couple of tears.
"咔嚓——"
*Click—*
照片拍摄完毕。
The photo was taken.
"真是素颜战神，都不用美颜p图了，可爱滴捏。"
"A true bare-faced beauty. I don't even need filters or editing. So cute."
配文，发朋友圈。
She added a caption and posted it.
"对不起对不起对不起对不起对不起对不起对不起。"——所有人可见。
"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry." — Visible to everyone.
"喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你喜欢你。"——仅苏桃可见。
"Like you like you like you like you like you like you like you." — Visible only to 苏桃.
小橙
— Xiaocheng 