第6章 让她抱憾终身
Chapter 6: Make Her Regret It for Life
【宿主，既然已经没有了生命威胁，为什么还要维持病娇的人设呢，你又不是真的病娇。】
"[Host, since your life isn't in danger anymore, why are you still keeping up this yandere persona? You're not actually a yandere.]"
见池小橙发了朋友圈，系统也是发出了不解的疑问。
Seeing that 池小橙 had made a post on social media, the system voiced its confusion.
"这具身体有点病又有些娇，不过我确实不是病娇。"池小橙淡淡道，"但是原主毕竟惹了大部分男主，把印象在苏桃那里加深，这样才能保证我们面对谁，只要女主在就不会落了下风。"
"This body might be a little 'sickly' and a bit 'delicate,' but I'm not really a yandere," 池小橙 said lightly. "But the original owner of this body angered most of the male leads. I need to strengthen 苏桃's impression of me. That way, no matter who we're up against, we won't be at a disadvantage as long as the female lead is present."
"更何况，现在我已经在苏桃心里留下很深的印象了，我需要给这几个月做的事情一个合理的解释才能洗白。"
"Besides, I've already left a deep impression on 苏桃. I need a good explanation for my actions over the past few months to clear my name."
"偏执、崩坏、病娇，就是一个很好的理由。"
"Being paranoid, unstable, and a yandere is a great excuse."
【为了自保？】
"[To protect yourself?]"
"那当然。"
"'Of course.'"
【可现在没什么事了，我们立刻退学然后去其他城市，或者飞到国外去不就行了？】
"[But there's no danger now. Couldn't we just drop out of school, move to another city, or even fly abroad?]"
听完系统的话，池小橙目瞪口呆。
After hearing the system's words, 池小橙 was stunned.
"统子，我本以为你是笨蛋，没想到你还蛮天才的。"
"'Sys, I thought you were an idiot, but I guess you're actually kind of a genius.'"
"不过吧。"池小橙点了点下巴，"我还是不打算逃，也许我本身就有些喜欢追求刺激。"
"'But still...' 池小橙 tapped her chin. 'I don't plan on running away. Maybe I just have a thing for excitement.'"
露出的点点妖艳笑容，连她自己都没注意到。
A bewitching smile appeared on her face, one she didn't even notice herself.
前世，他在卡车袭来撞大运前，刚经历了一场危机。
In his previous life, before that lucky run-in with a truck, he had just experienced a crisis.
两个贩冰糖的被便衣追捕，走投无路之下冲进他所在的咖啡厅，一人拿刀拿着枪，挟持了店内所有人。
Two drug dealers, cornered by plainclothes police, rushed into the cafe he was in. One had a knife, the other a gun, and they took everyone inside hostage.
那黑乎乎的洞口，让在场所有人都不由颤栗。
The dark barrel of the gun made everyone present tremble in fear.
唯有池小橙感觉到一股莫名的刺激感。
But he was the only one who felt a strange sense of thrill.
在找准机会绕到那个拿枪的匪徒身后，趁他想要欺辱一个小女孩时，池小橙看准机会。
He saw his chance, slipped behind the gunman just as he was about to harass a little girl, and seized the opportunity.
瞬间将其扑倒，想抢枪来反制。
He tackled him instantly, trying to snatch the gun and turn the tables.
可谁知，那枪竟然是个模型枪！
But who would have guessed? The gun was a fake!
另一个匪徒见状，也是朝池小橙冲了过来。
Seeing this, the other thug charged at him.
威胁变成了打斗，他一个没怎么练过的大学生，又怎么会是二人的对手。
The standoff turned into a brawl. As a college student with no real fighting experience, how could he be a match for two of them?
没一会儿胸口就被划了一刀。
It wasn't long before his chest was slashed with the knife.
火辣辣的疼痛没让池小橙胆怯，反而激发了他的血性。
The searing pain didn't make him flinch; instead, it ignited his fighting spirit.
那一刻他就知道，兴许自己并不向往那些平淡而又无聊的生活。
In that moment, he knew. Perhaps he never really wanted a quiet and boring life.
后来从医院出来，他走在马路边时，一阵恍惚，仿佛看到卡车的司机师傅向他招手。
Later, after he got out of the hospital, he was walking by the road in a daze when he thought he saw a truck driver waving at him.
再然后就没然后了。
And then... that was it.
司机师傅业绩+1。
Another point for Truck-kun.
"系统，你知道病娇有多少种类型吗？"
"'System, do you know how many types of yandere there are?'"
【不都是一样吗，砍人，威胁别人，就像宿主你刚刚做的那样】
"[Aren't they all the same? Stabbing people, threatening them... just like what you were doing, Host.]"
池小橙轻轻摇头，嘴角露出一丝浅笑，"很多不懂的人都和你一样的想法，刀人、切片、永远在一起之类的就全部归结为病娇，实际上病娇也分很多种类型。"
池小橙 shook her head gently, a faint smile on her lips. "A lot of people who don't understand think just like you. They lump everything like stabbing, slicing, and 'together forever' under the yandere label, but there are actually many different types."
"依存型、独占型、排除型、攻击型、跟踪型、无害型、崇拜型、妄想型、孤立诱导型。"
"'There's the dependent type, possessive type, exclusionary type, aggressive type, stalker type, harmless type, worshiping type, delusional type, and the isolation-inducing type.'"
池小橙前世是个兼职小说作者，因为取材，对这部分有不少了解。
In his past life, 池小橙 was a part-time novelist and had researched this topic for his stories.
她继续道，"我前面对苏桃展示的就是独占型病娇，想把对方变成只属于自己的东西，用各种囚禁的手段，但实际上，依存型会更容易影响苏桃。"
She continued, "What I showed 苏桃 before was the possessive-type yandere, the kind that wants to make the other person theirs alone through methods like confinement. But actually, the dependent type will be much more effective on 苏桃."
"表现出一种我在多方面依赖她，没有她就活不下去的一面，以女主白月光的人设，绝对不会坐视不管让我去死。"
"If I show her a side of me that depends on her for everything, that can't live without her... with her personality as the perfect, kind-hearted heroine, she would never stand by and watch me die."
池小橙笑容渐渐变得邪恶，"想要破局，我就得把苏桃牢牢捏在手里，以这次的病娇人设作为导引，之后在她面前尽量表现得更冲动一些。"
池小橙's smile slowly turned wicked. "To break this situation, I need to get 苏桃 firmly in my grasp. I'll use this yandere persona as a starting point, and from now on, I'll try to act more impulsively in front of her."
"无条件喜欢她，支持她，依赖她，维护她，爱她。"
"'Unconditionally like her, support her, depend on her, protect her, and love her.'"
"然后利用一下那些主角配角，演几场戏，那种我为了维护她而各种受伤的戏码。"
"'Then, I'll use the other main and side characters to stage a few scenes... dramas where I get hurt in all sorts of ways trying to protect her.'"
"最好是能为她挡上几刀，然后住院几个月落个半残的下场，你知道这样苏桃会怎样想吗？"
"'The best would be to take a few stabs for her, end up in the hospital for a few months, and come out half-crippled. Do you know what 苏桃 would think then?'"
【怎...怎样？】
"[Wha... What?]"
系统的声音都有些害怕。
The system's voice was trembling with a little fear.
"愧疚！"池小橙眼神期待地捂住自己半张脸，"我为了她受伤无数次，都是因为我喜欢她；而我喜欢她的原因是她给了我不该有的希望！"
"'Guilt!' 池小橙 covered half her face, her eyes full of anticipation. 'I got hurt for her countless times, all because I like her. And the reason I like her is because she gave me hope I never should have had!'"
"也就是说，我会从一个正常人变成如今的样子都是因为她！"
"'In other words, she's the reason I turned from a normal person into what I am today!'"
"只要让她愈发意识到这一点，那么她就会在我受伤时陷入无限的愧疚，开了个头就会越陷越深。"
"'As long as I make her realize this more and more, she'll be consumed by endless guilt whenever I get hurt. And once that starts, she'll only sink deeper and deeper.'"
"哪天我要是因为保护她而死在她面前，她就会痛苦地哭上三天三夜，抱憾终身！"
"'If one day I die in front of her while protecting her, she'll cry in agony for three days and three nights, filled with regret for the rest of her life!'"
"真是完美的剧本！"
"'It's the perfect script!'"
自然，这也只是理论上的剧本。
Of course, this was all just a theoretical script.
她现在还是个会被各大男主威胁的小炮灰呢。
For now, she was still just a minor character who could be threatened by any of the male leads.
不过系统还是被池小橙的想法惊到了。
Still, the system was shocked by 池小橙's thoughts.
【宿主，你真是天生的反派】
"[Host, you're a natural-born villain.]"
"这也只是没办法中的办法罢了。"
"'This is just the only option I have.'"
池小橙恢复了正常的神色，淡淡道，"不过病娇这个人设还是有点难拿捏的，暂时先走一步看一步吧。"
池小橙's expression returned to normal as she said lightly, "But this yandere persona is still a bit difficult to manage. For now, I'll just take it one step at a time."
其实池小橙更想扮演孤立诱导型病娇。
Actually, 池小橙 would rather play the isolation-inducing yandere.
这个类型的病娇是所有类型中最恐怖的！
This type of yandere was the most terrifying of all!
这种病娇类型的少女不论是那份爱意，还是占有欲都极强。
A girl with this yandere type has extremely strong feelings of love and possessiveness.
同时不会像其他类型那样主动表现出爱意，而是在喜欢的人周围散布一些谣言，藏在暗处无形中离间爱人和其他朋友、亲属之间的关系。
Unlike other types, she doesn't actively show her affection. Instead, she spreads rumors about the person she likes, secretly driving a wedge between her beloved and their friends and family.
让人以为世界上所有人都疏远他、不关心他、不爱他、不厌恶他的时候，孤立诱导型的病娇就会登场。
When the target is led to believe that everyone in the world is distant, uncaring, and disgusted with them, the isolation-inducing yandere makes her entrance.
以白月光般的温柔无害的完美人设出现。
She appears with the perfect persona of a gentle and harmless angel.
她是唯一支持他，爱着他，拥抱他的人，让他的心中对她产生依赖感，久而久之便让他彻底地依靠她，并且深深地喜欢上了她。
She becomes the only one who supports him, loves him, and embraces him, making him emotionally dependent on her until he relies on her completely and falls deeply in love with her.
这种病娇，非常会隐藏自身。
This kind of yandere is an expert at hiding her true self.
当发现时，往往已经落入了对方的怀中，无法挣脱。
By the time you realize what's happening, you're already trapped in her arms, unable to escape.
只是现在的境况，由不得池小橙扮演这样的人设。
But her current situation didn't allow 池小橙 to play such a role.
要是早几年穿越进来，他有把握将苏桃孤立成一个只有自己这一个朋友的"被世界厌恶少女"。
If she had transmigrated a few years earlier, she was confident she could have isolated 苏桃 and turned her into a "girl hated by the world" with only her as a friend.
而在池小橙不断遐想时，手机"叮叮叮"地响了起来。
And as 池小橙 was lost in her thoughts, her phone started ringing with notifications.
她刚发出去的朋友圈，有人回复了。
Someone had replied to the social media post she had just made. 