第7章 约见男主
Chapter 7: Meeting the Male Lead

原主虽然善妒，但针对的也只是苏桃一个人。
The previous owner of this body was jealous, but she only ever targeted 苏桃.

在大一新生中、在班级里，原主的人缘其实还不错。
Among the freshmen and in her class, she was actually quite popular.

基本只要随便夸几句原主，就能理所当然地和原主成为朋友。
Basically, all it took was a few compliments for someone to become her friend.

女性朋友少了点。
She had few female friends.

但男性的追求者并不少。
But she had plenty of male admirers.

憔悴的素颜照片发出，配文是一大串的对不起，数个词语堆叠，不由让人深感，她一定经历了什么痛苦的事情。
She posted a tired-looking photo of herself with no makeup, captioned with a long string of apologies. The piled-up words made it seem like she must have gone through something very painful.

点点关心和疑惑，出现在了动态下。
Comments of concern and confusion started to appear below her post.

佑哥："小橙没事吧，是生病了吗，怎么一直说对不起，谁惹你了？"
Brother Yo: "小橙, are you okay? Are you sick? Why do you keep saying sorry? Did someone upset you?"

花花君子："小橙发的图是谁呀，好可爱的样子。"
Flowery Gentleman: "Who is in the picture you posted, 小橙? She looks so cute."

想当小橙的狗："这是小橙的素颜照吧，脸色有点差，但是也太好看了，平时为什么要化妆啊，化妆都变丑了！"
WannaBe小橙'sDog: "This is a photo of you with no makeup, right, 小橙? You look a little pale, but so beautiful! Why do you usually wear makeup? It makes you look worse!"

秀花回复想当小橙的狗："什么化妆变丑了，臭男人你懂不懂女生化妆的美啊，不懂就别在人家朋友圈下面跳好不好，还取这种名字，恶不恶心。"
秀花 replied to WannaBe小橙'sDog: "What do you mean, 'makeup makes you look worse'? You stupid man, do you even understand the beauty of a girl's makeup? If you don't get it, then don't run your mouth in her comments, okay? And with a name like that, aren't you disgusting?"

秀花@池小橙："橙橙别理他们，美美的妆才是女孩子自信的源头，你现在这样可比化妆的时候差太多了，是出了什么事吗，你可以跟我说的。"
秀花 @池小橙: "橙橙, don't listen to them. Beautiful makeup is the source of a girl's confidence. You look so much worse now than when you wear makeup. Did something happen? You can talk to me, you know."

阳："呵呵，这是池小橙我吃三斤翔，一眼十级P图和美颜！"
阳: "Heh, if that's 池小橙, I'll eat three pounds of crap. It's obviously heavily photoshopped and filtered!"

见到质疑的这一幕，池小橙也没有生气。
Seeing these doubts, 池小橙 didn't get angry.

受到姐妹们的影响，原主无论是发朋友圈，还是出席公众场合，几乎都是化妆出门。
Influenced by her 'sisters,' the previous owner almost never went out without makeup, whether for posting on social media or attending public events.

素颜像是换了一个人一样，被质疑也是理所当然。
Without makeup, she looked like a completely different person, so it was natural to be doubted.

不过那个ID叫"秀花"的人
However, that person with the ID "秀花"...

池小橙眼神逐渐变得冰寒。
池小橙's gaze slowly turned ice-cold.

这个人就是原主的姐妹三巨头之一，高中就认识原主，二人一同考上九州大学后，又选到了同一个宿舍。
This person was one of the original owner's three 'best sisters.' They had known each other since high school, got into Kyushu University together, and even ended up in the same dorm.

平日里不断地夸原主，捧原主，看似关心实则给原主制造各种焦虑，原主会敌视苏桃，少不了这姐妹从中作梗。
She constantly praised and flattered the original owner, pretending to care while actually making her anxious. This 'sister' was a big reason why the original owner was so hostile towards 苏桃.

关键是原主还真就傻傻地信了这些姐妹的话！
The key thing was, the original owner had foolishly believed every word these 'sisters' said!

自己刚穿越，这账，还得一笔一笔算。
I just got here, and now I have to settle these scores, one by one.

休息好了之后，池小橙拿了一张纸，盘算着接下来的计划。
After resting, 池小橙 took out a piece of paper and began to think about her next plan.

首先，她要在各大男主找上门之前，率先在苏桃那里打开局面。
First, before the male leads came looking for her, she had to make a breakthrough with 苏桃.

被找麻烦了还能依靠苏桃去解决。
If she got into trouble, she could rely on 苏桃 to help her.

换个角度去思考，如果自己是苏桃，发小针对两年多以为是黑化厌恶自己后，忽然反转其实是爱着自己。
Thinking from another perspective, if she were 苏桃, and her childhood friend, who she thought had turned against her for over two years, suddenly revealed that she was actually in love with her...

但因爱生恨。
...but that love had turned to hate.

一直都重视的人，因为自己而变成了病娇，无措之下会怎么办呢？
What would you do when someone you always cared about had become obsessive because of you, leaving you helpless?

"询问身边的人！"
"She would ask someone for advice!"

池小橙落笔。
池小橙 wrote it down.

她代入苏桃的视角，并套上对方的人设后，迷茫的时候一定会找一个支点寻求帮助。
Putting herself in 苏桃's shoes and considering her personality, she knew that when 苏桃 felt lost, she would definitely seek support from someone.

"而且她不会去找那些男主，因为这个事和我有关。"
"And she wouldn't go to the male leads, because this is about me."

那些男主本身就讨厌自己，问那种问题只怕会愈演愈烈。
Those male leads already hated her; asking them about it would only make things worse.

因为自己的表现，苏桃并未和原文一样，对于"池小橙"这个角色产生绝望，不再同情，而是任由男主们将其踢出赛场。
Because of her recent actions, 苏桃 hadn't become hopeless and stopped caring about '池小橙' like in the original story, letting the male leads kick her out of the picture.

而是抱着些许迷茫与不解！
Instead, she was left feeling a little lost and confused!

"那么按照原文的设定，苏桃除了我以外关系好的朋友还有......"
"So, according to the original story's plot, besides me, who were 苏桃's other good friends..."

池小橙皱着小眉毛，有些头疼。
池小橙 frowned, feeling a headache coming on.

前世她并未真的看过这本书，只是因为这本书太火了。
In her past life, she had never actually read the book. She only knew about it because it was so popular.

时不时会刷到一些AI小说视频，途道听说过。
She had come across AI-narrated videos of the novel from time to time, so she'd heard things here and there.

只了解部分发展，并未知道详细设定。
She only knew parts of the plot, not the detailed setting.

"系统，给点作用，别显得太废物。"
"System, do something useful. Don't be so worthless."

无奈，她只能将期望放在这个只会吐槽的金手指上。
Helpless, she could only place her hopes on this special power of hers, which usually only made sarcastic comments.

系统很是专业地回复道。
The system replied in a very professional manner.

【推荐宿主用情绪值购买《炮灰女配全突突，男神全部入我怀》这本小说，每5点情绪值可以购买1章节，以此来了解故事发展走向】
[It is recommended that the host use Emotion Points to purchase the novel "The Cannon Fodder Female Supporting Character Strikes Back, and All the Male Gods Fall for Me". Each chapter costs 5 Emotion Points, which will allow you to understand the plot's direction.]

池小橙缓缓打了个问号，"叫你支个招，你来这么硬核的？"
池小橙 slowly typed a question mark. "I ask you for a simple tip, and you give me this hardcore solution?"

"而且5情绪值才买1章节，怎么不去抢啊！"
"And 5 Emotion Points for just one chapter? That's a total rip-off!"

她本身就只剩下十几点，可能因为朋友圈的关系，这休息的一个小时又涨了几点。
She only had about ten points left, though she had gained a few more in the last hour, probably because of her social media post.

"我能先看看这本小说的目录吗？"
"Can I see the novel's table of contents first?"

【可以。】
[Yes.]

池小橙通过系统面板，迅速翻到了小说的第100章左右。
Using the system panel, 池小橙 quickly scrolled to around chapter 100 of the novel.

果不其然，在150章看到了章节名字——"池小橙之死"。
Just as she expected, she saw the title of chapter 150—"The Death of 池小橙."

"保命是第一任务，而且我要插入后面的剧情中让书里其他角色对我产生情绪，后面的章节能买尽量都买一下！"
"Surviving is my top priority. And I need to get into the later parts of the story and make the other characters feel something for me, so I should buy as many of the later chapters as I can!"

不过情绪值现状态找谁提供呢？
But who could she get Emotion Points from right now?

池小橙思索着小说的各个角色，视线渐渐停在了刚刚回复自己朋友圈的那个ID名叫"阳"的人。
池小橙 thought about the different characters in the novel, and her eyes gradually landed on the person with the ID "阳" who had just replied to her post.

小说诸多男主之一——东方阳。
One of the novel's many male leads—东方阳.

在原主的记忆中，这人是目前出场男主中，和原主牵扯较少的一个了。
In the original owner's memory, this was the male lead who had the least involvement with her so far.

"我是素颜就吃三斤翔？"
"I'll eat three pounds of crap if that's her without makeup?"

 