第8章 看傻了的男主
Chapter 8: The Stunned Male Lead
结束聊天，池小橙唇角浅浅勾起。
After finishing the chat, a small smile touched Chi Xiaocheng's lips.
提到苏桃和地下室，这些男主果然坐不住。
Just as she expected, the male leads couldn't stay calm when Su Tao and the basement were mentioned.
不用猜池小橙都知道，叶良和东方阳处于竞争关系，他一定不会告诉东方阳地下室里发生了什么。
Chi Xiaocheng didn't even have to guess; she knew that Ye Liang and Dongfang Yang were rivals. He would never tell Dongfang Yang what happened in the basement.
而苏桃也会因为地下室发生的真实情况，而对两个男主进行隐瞒。
And Su Tao would also hide what really happened from the two male leads.
想了解地下室发生什么，要么通过叶良的保镖，要么通过她池小橙这个当事人！
If they wanted to know what happened in the basement, they had to either ask Ye Liang's bodyguards or her, Chi Xiaocheng, the person who was there!
反正东方阳也不知道什么情况。
Besides, Dongfang Yang didn't know anything about the situation anyway.
地下室发生了什么，还不是随便自己编？
So, what happened in the basement? It was up to her to make something up.
只要能将这个男主约出来，那么就有机会获得情绪点。
As long as she could get this male lead to meet her, she would have a chance to earn emotional points.
有了情绪点了解后面剧情，购买技能后，才能去改变自己炮灰的身份。
With emotional points, she could learn about the future plot, buy skills, and then change her fate as a minor character.
当炮灰身份变了，就能去攻略女主。
Once her role changed, she could start winning over the female lead.
完美的计划！
A perfect plan!
不过出门嘛，自然还是要打扮一番。
But of course, she had to dress up before going out.
池小橙来到衣柜，里面外出用的衣服并没有太多，摆在那的夏装只有一条裙子，一套JK，两套外出和家居一起用的常服。
Chi Xiaocheng went to her closet. There weren't many clothes for going out. For summer, there was only one dress, a JK uniform set, and two casual outfits that could be worn both outside and at home.
即便加上自己刚刚换掉的一套，作为女孩子的衣柜，也算有些贫穷了。
Even counting the outfit she had just taken off, her wardrobe was quite poor for a girl.
池小橙看了一眼那一套JK水手服和短裙后，果断取下那条白色的连衣裙。
After a glance at the JK sailor uniform and short skirt, Chi Xiaocheng decisively took out the white dress.
"没想到才穿越第一天，就要穿这么正式的女装。"
"I can't believe I have to wear such a formal dress on my first day in this world."
窸窸窣窣。
Rustle, rustle.
池小橙褪下衣服，又迅速换上。
Chi Xiaocheng quickly changed out of her clothes and into the dress.
娇小的身材搭配着精致中带有蕾丝花边点缀的白色连衣裙，颇有几分哥特风格的短款衣饰配上小巧的五官，可爱得如洋娃娃一般。
Her small frame in the delicate white dress, which was decorated with lace, gave off a slight gothic vibe. Paired with her delicate features, she looked as cute as a doll.
微微有些短窄的裙摆只能遮到雪白大腿往下的膝盖处。
The slightly short hem of the dress only reached her knees.
纤细优雅的两条美腿暴露在空气中。
Her slender, elegant legs were left exposed.
池小橙面向镜子，系统给的中级演技技能发动，脸上霎时多了一抹我见犹怜的娇弱感。
Facing the mirror, Chi Xiaocheng activated her intermediate acting skill from the system. Instantly, her face took on a fragile, pitiful look that made people want to protect her.
天然美丽的脸蛋、病弱的形象，能很好地搏得他人好感。
A naturally beautiful face with a frail appearance was a great way to earn people's sympathy.
人靠衣装马靠鞍。
"Clothes make the woman," she thought.
"明明随便穿一套不错的衣服就能有国民女神级别的闪光点，原主也真是笨，居然听那些姐妹的把闪光点全遮住。"
"She could have been as radiant as a top star just by wearing a nice outfit. The original owner was so foolish, listening to those 'sisters' and hiding all her best features."
池小橙又将自己柔顺的茶色长发编织成两条马尾辫，找到一副无度数的黑框眼镜戴上后。
Chi Xiaocheng then braided her soft, tea-colored hair into two pigtails and put on a pair of non-prescription black-framed glasses.
这只娇弱的小萝莉，又增添了一丝书卷气息和天然呆的气质。
Now, the delicate little girl had an added touch of a bookish and naturally innocent vibe.
再用一圈白布将掌心的伤口遮掩后，她出门了。
After wrapping a white cloth around the wound on her palm, she left.
11月的晚秋有些寂寥，瑟瑟凉风吹得池小橙单薄的身子有些发凉。
The late autumn evening in November felt a bit lonely, and the chilly wind made Chi Xiaocheng's thinly-dressed body feel cold.
腿上的白丝还好，能够给予不少温度。
Thankfully, the white stockings on her legs provided some warmth.
连衣裙出门有些草率了，应该多加一件打底衫。
Going out in just a dress was a bit careless; she should have worn an undershirt.
周日的校门口人员有些稀少，即便如此，依旧有许多目光放在池小橙身上。
There weren't many people at the school gate on a Sunday, but still, many eyes were drawn to Chi Xiaocheng.
好奇、惊讶、向往、欣赏。
Curiosity, surprise, admiration, appreciation.
在来到这个公众场合，池小橙就已经展开了自己的领域。
As soon as she entered this public space, Chi Xiaocheng was in her element.
演技大爆发。
Her acting was in full swing.
如一只迷路的小白兔，捂住自己的小挎包，半低着头又不会让人完全看不清自己素颜的俏脸。
Like a little lost rabbit, she clutched her small shoulder bag, her head lowered just enough so that people couldn't completely see her pretty, makeup-free face.
而后径直地往竹下咖啡厅方向走去。
Then, she walked straight towards the Zhuxia Cafe.
其实也不远，就在校门口左转，紧挨着一大片校园内部的各种商店。
It wasn't far, just a left turn from the school gate, right next to a large area of shops on campus.
"那妹子是谁啊，好可爱。"
"Who's that girl? She's so cute."
"咱们学校有这么可爱的妹子吗，从来没见过。"
"Do we have a girl that cute at our school? I've never seen her before."
"会不会是外校来的，看这不识路的样子，感觉是是个新生。"
"Maybe she's from another school. She looks lost, like a new student."
周遭路过的些许议论声，让低头的池小橙渐渐勾起唇角。
Hearing the quiet comments from people passing by, a smile slowly formed on Chi Xiaocheng's face as she kept her head down.
改变他人印象。
Changing their impression of her.
从通过各种渠道的信息去影响苏桃。
She would use all these different channels to influence Su Tao.
即便注意到有些人偷拍她的侧影，她也丝毫不介意。
She didn't mind at all, even when she noticed some people secretly taking pictures of her.
有这些照片，才能更好地传递信息。
These photos were necessary to pass along the message.
没多时，来到竹下咖啡厅门外。
Before long, she arrived outside the Zhuxia Cafe.
池小橙凭着记忆，注意到了坐在咖啡厅里不耐烦的东方阳。
Using her memory, Chi Xiaocheng noticed the impatient Dongfang Yang sitting inside the cafe.
见对方侧目看来，池小橙连忙低下头。
When she saw him glance her way, Chi Xiaocheng quickly lowered her head.
没有走进去。
She didn't go in.
而是犹豫地在门外踌躇，仿佛没看到东方阳，迈着小短腿左右踱步。
Instead, she hesitated outside the door, pacing back and forth on her short legs as if she hadn't seen Dongfang Yang.
纠结无比的可爱模样，让咖啡厅吧台的那位小姐姐都不由单手撑脸，眼含笑意地看着她。
Her cute, conflicted expression made the young woman at the cafe counter rest her chin on her hand and watch with a smile.
东方阳那满脸不耐烦的神色，终于是多了一抹好奇。
The impatient look on Dongfang Yang's face finally gave way to a hint of curiosity.
随后嗤笑一声，"进个咖啡厅还要犹犹豫豫，也不知道是从哪个乡下来的笨蛋。"
Then, he scoffed, "Hesitating just to enter a cafe. What a fool, probably from some small town."
他莫名有些讨厌这样茶色的头发。
For some reason, he found that tea-colored hair annoying.
同时也没认出池小橙。
He also didn't recognize Chi Xiaocheng.
卸了妆，换了打扮，双马尾辫的清纯风原主更是没考虑过。
Without makeup and with a change in style, he would never connect her to the original owner, who had never tried a pure look with two pigtails.
外加一副黑框眼镜，除了那些很熟她的人，远看还真看不出是她本人。
With the black-framed glasses, anyone who didn't know her well wouldn't recognize her from a distance.
没一会儿，东方阳就见到这个1米5的笨蛋像是下了决心一样。
After a moment, Dongfang Yang saw the 150cm-tall fool seem to make up her mind.
抬起秀脸，眼神坚毅地看着咖啡厅大门。
She lifted her pretty face and looked at the cafe door with determination in her eyes.
毅然决然地迈开脚步。
She took a determined step forward.
可一个踉跄，差点没来了个平地摔。
But she stumbled, nearly falling flat on her face.
慌慌张张地进了咖啡厅后，又左顾右盼。
After rushing into the cafe, she looked around frantically.
走向自己。
And then walked towards him.
东方阳挑了挑眉，视线在那裙摆下的白丝小腿停了一瞬，又挪到池小橙脸上，疑惑问道，"你是......？"
Dongfang Yang raised an eyebrow. His gaze paused for a moment on her white-stockinged calves before moving to her face. "You are...?" he asked, confused.
他记忆中没认识过这个呆呆的可爱女生。
He couldn't remember ever knowing such a dazed-looking, cute girl.
池小橙慢慢地摘下黑框眼镜，又甩了一下半遮眼帘的缕缕刘海，被封印的颜值霎时绽放。
Chi Xiaocheng slowly took off her black-framed glasses and tossed her bangs aside, revealing her hidden beauty.
她弱弱地说着，"我...我是池小橙。"
She said weakly, "I... I'm Chi Xiaocheng."
"池小橙？！"
"Chi Xiaocheng?!"
东方阳猛地站了起来。
Dongfang Yang shot up from his seat.
满脸震惊。
His face was full of shock.
【男主东方阳因为宿主的变化内心受到极大震撼】
[Male Lead Dongfang Yang is extremely shocked by the host's transformation.]
【情绪值+13...】
[Emotional Value +13...]
【情绪值+16...】
[Emotional Value +16...]
【情绪值+22...】
[Emotional Value +22...]
当系统的提示声响起，池小橙就知道自己来对了。
When the system's notifications sounded, Chi Xiaocheng knew she had made the right choice.
她再度轻轻点头，垂着小脑袋，"是我。"
She nodded again, her head lowered. "It's me."
东方阳人都傻了，他怎么也不敢相信，这个人居然是池小橙！
Dongfang Yang was completely stunned. He couldn't believe this person was actually Chi Xiaocheng!
他记忆中的池小橙驼背、眼神萎靡、化着浓妆、单看脸不看头发根本认不出这人是谁的那种，说话还总是带着一副火药味。
The Chi Xiaocheng in his memory was hunched over, had lifeless eyes, wore heavy makeup you couldn't recognize her face through, and always spoke aggressively.
现在
Now...
他上下打量了一眼池小橙，缓缓憋出一句疑惑，"你...你去整容了？"
He looked Chi Xiaocheng up and down, then slowly managed to ask, "Did you... did you get plastic surgery?"
池小橙抬起脸，盯着东方阳的双眼嘟起小嘴，委屈巴巴地说着，"我...我知道我长得丑，但你也不能这样说吧，我...我只是把妆都卸了而已。"
Chi Xiaocheng looked up, pouting as she met Dongfang Yang's eyes, and said pitifully, "I... I know I'm ugly, but you don't have to say it like that. I... I just took off my makeup."
说完又侧过头，伸手将鬓角垂落的茶色发丝梳到耳后，露出白净清秀的侧脸。
After speaking, she turned her head, tucking a loose strand of her tea-colored hair behind her ear to reveal her fair, delicate profile.
小巧可爱的耳朵点点霞红，修长的睫毛不断眨巴，委屈的眼眸好似要泛出点点泪花。
Her small, cute ears were tinged with pink, her long eyelashes fluttered, and her hurt eyes looked as if they were about to fill with tears.
长得丑？
Ugly?
只是把妆卸了？
Just took off her makeup?
这确定和之前的池小橙是同一个人？
Was this really the same Chi Xiaocheng from before?
这一刻，东方阳凌乱了。 