第9章 收割情绪值！
Chapter 9: Reaping Emotion Points!
坐回椅子，东方阳平视前方，食指随着抖腿的规律，很有节奏地在桌上敲动。
Leaning back in his chair, Dongfang Yang stared straight ahead, his index finger tapping a steady rhythm on the table in time with his shaking leg.
眼前的双马尾娇小少女，垂着眼帘低着头，双手还紧张地攥着裙摆的一角。
The petite, pigtail-haired girl before him kept her head lowered, her eyes downcast, her hands nervously clutching the hem of her skirt.
理智告诉他，池小橙是装的。
His rational mind told him that Chi Xiaocheng was putting on an act.
而且是明演！
A very obvious act, at that!
可他的认知又告诉自己，演是没那么像的，这样前后大的差别，他只在娱乐圈中的一些老戏骨身上见到过。
But his experience also told him that acting this convincing wasn't easy. He had only seen such a drastic change in personality in veteran actors from the entertainment industry.
而且那张带点憔悴的可爱小脸蛋，也让人不想往坏的方向去想。
Besides, that cute, slightly weary face made it hard to think the worst of her.
卸了妆真就变了一个人？
Could taking off her makeup really change a person so much?
以前怎么没发现这家伙乖巧起来其实还蛮不错的呢。
How had he never noticed that she could actually be quite charming when she was being well-behaved?
连他自己都没发觉，原本对池小橙的厌恶心理，在这一刻都淡了不少。
He didn't even realize that his own feelings of dislike for Chi Xiaocheng had faded quite a bit in that moment.
他指了指对面的座位，沉声道，"坐吧。"
He pointed to the seat opposite him and said in a deep voice, "Sit."
池小橙怯生生地点头，抚了抚裙角后，挪到了座位上。
Chi Xiaocheng nodded timidly, smoothed her skirt, and moved to the seat.
今天她的人设是，怯懦怕生的小可爱。
Her persona for the day was a timid, shy, and cute girl.
化妆只是自己的保护色。
Makeup was just her protective camouflage.
脑海中情绪值的增加就没停过，虽然只是两三点没之前那么多了，但池小橙知道。
The emotion points in her mind kept ticking up. Although it was only by two or three points at a time, not as much as before, Chi Xiaocheng knew.
东方阳正被自己影响着。
Dongfang Yang was being influenced by her.
她表现得如一只慌张的小白兔，坐立不安，过了一会儿打算主动开口，便对东方阳垂下了脑袋，"东方少爷，请...请你骂我吧！"
She acted like a flustered little rabbit, fidgeting nervously. After a moment, deciding to speak first, she lowered her head to Dongfang Yang and said, "Young Master Dongfang, please... please scold me!"
东方阳被气笑了，单手托腮地看着池小橙，"我为什么要骂你？"
Dongfang Yang almost laughed in frustration. Resting his chin on one hand, he looked at Chi Xiaocheng, "Why would I scold you?"
"因为...因为我之前一直缠着你，给你添了麻烦，我是来道歉的，所以你怎么骂我都行！"
"Because... because I was always pestering you before and causing you trouble. I came to apologize, so you can scold me however you want!"
东方阳挑眉，"真的怎么样都行？"
Dongfang Yang raised an eyebrow. "Really? Anything?"
池小橙抬起一只眸子担忧地看了一眼，"能...能轻点就好了。"
Chi Xiaocheng lifted her eyes for a worried glance. "If... if you could be a little gentle, that would be nice."
呵，有趣的女人。
Hah, what an interesting woman.
老实说，东方阳看不出池小橙是在演戏，但于他的认知中，这人的前后差别又太大了。
Honestly, Dongfang Yang couldn't tell if Chi Xiaocheng was acting, but in his mind, the difference in her personality was just too great.
他索性直接问道，"你说苏桃在地下室里开导了你，所以你知心悔改，我甚至感觉你已经换了一个人，说说看苏桃是怎么劝你的？"
He decided to ask directly, "You said Su Tao talked some sense into you in the basement, and now you've seen the error of your ways. I feel like you're a completely different person. Tell me, how did Su Tao persuade you?"
池小橙怯生生地点头，"其实我绑架苏桃...也算绑架吧，把她关在了地下室，主要还是想警告一下她，让她别离你那么近。"
Chi Xiaocheng nodded timidly. "Well, when I kidnapped Su Tao... I guess you could call it kidnapping... when I locked her in the basement, I mainly just wanted to warn her to stay away from you."
"东方少爷你也明白，苏桃很明事理，也很温柔，即便我威胁她她也没有生气，反而跟我说我只是被秀花她们蛊惑了而已。"
"Young Master Dongfang, you know how it is. Su Tao is so reasonable and gentle. Even when I threatened her, she didn't get angry. Instead, she told me that I had just been led astray by Xiu Hua and the others."
"秀花？"东方阳好奇地插嘴。
"Xiu Hua?" Dongfang Yang cut in, curious.
池小橙迅速将早已准备好的锅甩出去，"她是我的一个朋友，我化妆、还针对苏桃，都是她教我的，她说无论是你东方少爷，还是叶良少爷，你们其实一开始喜欢的都是我，只是被苏桃抢走了。"
Chi Xiaocheng quickly threw out the scapegoat she had prepared. "She's a friend of mine. The makeup, targeting Su Tao... she taught me all of it. She said that both you, Young Master Dongfang, and Young Master Ye Liang actually liked me at first, but Su Tao stole you away."
"所以...所以......"
"So... so..."
池小橙没继续说下去，羞愧地低下了头。
Chi Xiaocheng didn't continue, lowering her head in shame.
东方阳顺着池小橙留的悬念接话道，"所以你就真的那么认为了？"
Dongfang Yang picked up where she left off. "So you really believed that?"
"嗯。"池小橙又迅速解释，"不过在地下室的时候，苏桃跟我一点点地说清楚了，她就像触手可及的月光，照在我身上驱散了黑暗，我...我以前居然对她做了那么过分的事情！"
"Mhm," Chi Xiaocheng quickly explained, "But in the basement, Su Tao explained everything to me bit by bit. She was like moonlight, so close I could touch it, shining on me and driving away the darkness. I... I can't believe I did such horrible things to her before!"
"我真不是人！"
"I'm not even human!"
池小橙一副要给自己一巴掌的样子。
Chi Xiaocheng looked as if she was about to slap herself.
随后又叽里呱啦地夸奖了一大堆苏桃的好。
Then she went on and on, showering Su Tao with praise.
听得东方阳很享受。
Dongfang Yang quite enjoyed listening to it.
因为他也觉得苏桃很完美，池小橙说的话简直夸到了他的心里。
Because he also thought Su Tao was perfect, and Chi Xiaocheng's words were exactly what he felt in his heart.
共鸣产生了后，下意识地相信了一分这只小萝莉说的话。
As he felt this connection, he subconsciously started to believe a little of what this little lolita was saying.
只是嘴上说出的话依旧不屑，"你也真是蠢得可以。"
But the words that came out of his mouth were still disdainful. "You really are unbelievably stupid."
"对...对不起！"
"S-sorry!"
"头抬起来。"
"Lift your head."
听到那命令一样的声音，池小橙又将小脑袋高高抬起，只是眼神不安地扫视着四周。
Hearing the command in his voice, Chi Xiaocheng lifted her little head high, though her eyes darted around nervously.
精致的小脸蛋一览无余地展露在东方阳面前。
Her delicate little face was fully revealed to Dongfang Yang.
然是这位大少爷见过美女无数，却也觉得现在纯素颜的池小橙很耐看。
Even though this young master had seen countless beauties, he had to admit that the makeup-free Chi Xiaocheng was quite easy on the eyes.
不过，还是比不上苏桃！
Still, she couldn't compare to Su Tao!
他心底补了一句，对池小橙道，"我姑且相信你，但要是发现你是骗我的，你就死定了！"
He added this silently in his heart, then said to Chi Xiaocheng, "I'll believe you for now. But if I find out you're lying to me, you're dead!"
"不...不会的！"池小橙表现得很是慌乱，"我知道我配不上东方少爷，以后不会再缠着你了！"
"I... I won't!" Chi Xiaocheng acted very flustered. "I know I'm not good enough for you, Young Master Dongfang. I won't pester you anymore!"
"嗯。"
"Hmph."
东方阳深深点头，又询问了一下地下室发生的具体事情，这才准备打发池小橙离开。
Dongfang Yang nodded deeply, asked a few more specific questions about what happened in the basement, and was about to send her away.
却又见这只小萝莉扭捏着好像有什么话要说。
But then he saw the little lolita fidgeting as if she had something else to say.
问道："你还有什么事吗？"
He asked, "Is there anything else?"
池小橙轻轻点头，拿出了自己的手机，又点进了朋友圈。
Chi Xiaocheng nodded lightly, took out her phone, and opened her social media feed.
那是自己发了素颜照的那一条动态。
It was the post where she had shared a photo of herself without makeup.
小脸很是认真地对东方阳说道，"那个，这个照片，是素颜的！"
Her small face was very serious as she said to Dongfang Yang, "Um, that photo... it's really me with no makeup!"
东方阳嘴角一抽。
The corner of Dongfang Yang's mouth twitched.
一个多小时前，他回复照片如果不是p的就炫3斤翔。
An hour ago, he had replied to that photo with a crude comment, something he would regret if it was real.
找茬是吧？
Is she trying to pick a fight?
刚想骂人，东方阳就注意到，动态那里他的那一条回复已经不见了。
Just as he was about to curse, Dongfang Yang noticed that his reply to her post had disappeared.
是她先删掉了？
Did she delete it first?
还蛮贴心的嘞。
How considerate of her.
他摸了摸鼻子，也没多说什么。
He rubbed his nose and didn't say anything more.
而池小橙，美美地收割完最后一波情绪值后，慌慌张张地离开了咖啡厅。
And Chi Xiaocheng, after happily reaping the last wave of emotion points, scurried out of the coffee shop.
自始至终，都保持着一个可爱的人设。
From start to finish, she had maintained her cute persona.
直至她娇小的背影消失在道路尽头，东方阳才轻哼了一声，"装模作样。"
It wasn't until her small figure disappeared down the road that Dongfang Yang snorted, "All an act."
收回心神，又打了一个响指。
He collected himself and snapped his fingers.
另外一桌喝咖啡的黑衣男恭敬地起身询问，"少爷，有什么吩咐。"
A man in black at another table, who had been drinking coffee, stood up respectfully. "Young Master, what are your orders?"
"查一下池小橙和那个秀花的关系，刚刚她说的话你也听到了吧，看看她撒了多少谎。"
"Investigate the relationship between Chi Xiaocheng and that Xiu Hua. You heard what she just said, right? Find out how much of it was a lie."
"好的少爷。"
"Yes, Young Master."
而池小橙，丝毫不知道自己说的还会被调查，正一脸开心地走出校门口，"系统，这一次我获得了多少情绪值？"
Meanwhile, Chi Xiaocheng, completely unaware that her story would be investigated, was walking out of the school gate with a happy expression. "System, how many emotion points did I get this time?"
【在这期间，东方阳为宿主提供了214点情绪值】
[During this time, Dongfang Yang has provided the host with 214 emotion points]
【女主苏桃为宿主提供了32点情绪值】
[The female lead, Su Tao, has provided the host with 32 emotion points]
【现在宿主总共有271点情绪值】
[The host now has a total of 271 emotion points]
"很好，购买小说中第140-160章的内容！"
"Excellent! Purchase the content of chapters 140-160 from the novel!"
这些章节，正是自己这个炮灰女配下线的内容，但按照小说中的正常套路，一个反派下线了，那么另一个反派就要上线铺垫了。
These chapters were exactly where her character, the cannon fodder villainess, was supposed to be written out of the story. But according to the usual tropes in novels, when one villain exits, another one has to be introduced to set up the next plotline.
矛盾与冲突是小说中起情绪最大的点。
Conflict and tension are the biggest drivers of emotion in a novel.
有这些才能让主角主动或被动地进行事件。
You need them to make the main character actively or passively engage with the plot.
池小橙需要能暗中接近苏桃的方法，以此完成自己的计划。
Chi Xiaocheng needed a way to secretly get close to Su Tao to carry out her own plan.
小说的内容融入脑海，池小橙站在校门口，眼神逐渐变得欣喜。
As the content of the novel flooded into her mind, Chi Xiaocheng stood at the school gate, her eyes gradually lighting up with joy.
这二十章中，前十章写的是原主池小橙刮花了苏桃的脸，戳破她的胸后被叶良杀死的情节。
In these twenty chapters, the first ten described the original Chi Xiaocheng scratching Su Tao's face and stabbing her in the chest, before being killed by Ye Liang.
而后十章
The next ten chapters... 