第10章 威胁
Chapter 10: The Threat

后十章反派池小橙下线后，新反派自然要上线去拉读者的仇恨。
After the previous villain, 池小橙, left the stage, it was time for a new one to appear and draw the readers' hatred.

苏桃目前的闺蜜之一——陈倩！
One of 苏桃's current best friends—陈倩!

就是在后十章新出的反派。
She was the new villain introduced in this new arc.

陈倩是上了大学才认识的苏桃，一碗绿茶端得滴水不漏。
陈倩 met 苏桃 after starting university, and she played the part of the sweet, innocent friend perfectly.

在苏桃面前是个无话不谈的好闺蜜。
To 苏桃's face, she was a dear friend with whom she could talk about anything.

在苏桃身后却是嫉妒的恶鬼。
But behind her back, she was a demon consumed by jealousy.

她和叶良是同一所高中升上的大学，虽然家境平平，但陈倩一直有吃天鹅肉的心思，早早地就把叶良视为男友。
She and 叶良 had come from the same high school. Despite her ordinary family background, 陈倩 had always dreamed of punching above her weight and had long considered 叶良 her boyfriend.

可升上大学，短短两个月，叶良就被苏桃迷得团团转。
But just two months into university, 叶良 was completely captivated by 苏桃.

陈倩恨啊，凭什么苏桃一个乡下来的孤儿能获得叶良独宠！
陈倩 was filled with hatred. How could a parentless girl from the countryside like 苏桃 win all of 叶良's affection?

在原著中，两天后是校内篮球比赛。
In the original story, the university's basketball competition was two days away.

东方阳和叶良作为对手出场。
东方阳 and 叶良 were set to play as opponents.

苏桃原本被池小橙划烂了脸，但依旧坚持出面为二人加油。
苏桃's face had been scarred by 池小橙, but she insisted on showing up to cheer for them both.

陈倩认为，苏桃脸都烂了，没了那逆天的颜值，叶良不可能喜欢她。
陈倩 believed that with her face ruined and her stunning looks gone, it was impossible for 叶良 to still like her.

于是设计，让苏桃在篮球比赛上出丑，后面还将苏桃从楼梯上推下去，本就受伤的女主更是雪上加霜。
So, she plotted to make 苏桃 embarrass herself at the basketball game and later pushed her down the stairs, making things even worse for the already injured heroine.

"这位闺蜜完全可以利用一下！"
"This 'best friend' is someone I can definitely use!"

池小橙捏了捏拳头，脸上勾出坏笑。
池小橙 clenched her fists, a wicked smile spreading across her face.

"设定中她是苏桃舍友，正好去一趟苏桃宿舍找她，女主在的话还能上一波压力多刷点情绪值。"
"According to the story, she's 苏桃's roommate. I'll go to their dorm to find her. If the heroine is there, I can put some pressure on her and farm some more emotion points."

说干就干，池小橙调头绕道，朝女生宿舍的方向走去。
Without wasting a moment, 池小橙 turned around and headed towards the girls' dormitory.

天和苑4栋。
Tianhe Garden, Building 4.

她的宿舍也在这栋，只是和苏桃差了点距离，她在513，苏桃在801。
Her own dorm was in the same building, just on a different floor. She was in 513, while 苏桃 was in 801.

因为学校离家不远，池小橙也申请了走读，只是偶尔才住在宿舍。
Since the university wasn't far from her home, 池小橙 was a day student and only occasionally stayed in the dorm.

坐电梯来到801门前，池小橙发现门没关，偷偷开了条缝看向里面后，却发现了惊人的一幕。
Arriving at room 801 by elevator, 池小橙 noticed the door was ajar. Peeking through the crack, she witnessed a shocking scene.

一位女生正在朝一个杯子中的水加某些白色粉末！
A girl was adding some kind of white powder to a cup of water!

那杯子上贴着几颗小桃子的贴纸，可不就是苏桃的杯子吗。
The cup was decorated with little peach stickers—it was clearly 苏桃's cup.

始作俑者，除了陈倩还有谁？
Who else could be the culprit but 陈倩?

池小橙偷偷拿出手机。
池小橙 secretly took out her phone.

"咔嚓——"
*Click—*

声音响起，顿时惊到了室内的陈倩，"谁！"
The sound startled 陈倩 inside the room. "Who's there!"

见到扎着双马尾辫的娇小少女，陈倩连忙将水杯挡在身后，呵斥道，"你是谁，为什么偷拍我！"
Seeing the small girl with pigtails, 陈倩 quickly hid the cup behind her back and snapped, "Who are you? Why are you taking pictures of me!"

池小橙推开门，唇角挂上了悠然自在的笑容，"本来我是打算找苏桃的，没想到有意外之喜，这位姐姐，给人家的水杯下药不太好吧？"
池小橙 pushed the door open, a relaxed smile playing on her lips. "I was originally looking for 苏桃, but I found a little surprise instead. Hey, isn't it a bit wrong to be putting drugs in someone's drink?"

"谁...谁下药了！"
"Who... Who's putting drugs in anything!"

陈倩一边狡辩，偷偷地将那包药粉塞到背后的口袋里。
陈倩 denied it while secretly stuffing the packet of powder into her back pocket.

恶狠狠地盯着池小橙，企图吓到她。
She glared fiercely at 池小橙, trying to intimidate her.

池小橙微微一笑，扬了扬手机，"我可是有证据的哦。"
池小橙 just smiled sweetly and held up her phone. "I have proof, you know."

"你——"
"You—"

陈倩联想刚刚听到的拍照声，脸色铁青，盯着池小橙的脸看了一下后，才猛地震惊道，"你是池小橙？！"
Connecting the camera sound with the situation, 陈倩's face turned pale. After staring at 池小橙's face for a moment, she gasped in shock, "You're 池小橙?!"

"我是谁不重要。"池小橙淡淡道，"重要的是，你说我要是把这个照片发给叶良，他会怎么想？"
"Who I am isn't important," 池小橙 said calmly. "What's important is, what do you think 叶良 would say if I sent this photo to him?"

"哦对了！"池小橙还看向了苏桃的床位，"上面那么多男士物品，该不会是某个人想拍照然后流传出去，嫁祸苏桃不检点吧。"
"Oh, right!" 池小橙 glanced towards 苏桃's bed. "All those men's things over there... I bet someone was planning to take a picture and spread it around to frame 苏桃 for being indecent."

"天呐，这要是被叶良知道，一定会很生气吧~"
"Gosh, if 叶良 found out about this, he'd be really angry, wouldn't he~"

"某个人，就再也没有机会了对吧？"
"And a certain someone would never get another chance, right?"

池小橙直勾勾地看着陈倩，威胁的话不断从嘴里吐出，"你也别想着从我手里抢走手机，我只要大喊一声救命，整栋楼的女生都会上来吃瓜你信不信？"
池小橙 stared right at 陈倩, the threats spilling from her lips. "Don't even think about snatching my phone. If I scream for help, every girl in this building will come running for the drama. You believe that, don't you?"

陈倩脸色阴沉得很，她不知道池小橙到底是哪里来的信息得知自己喜欢叶良的。
陈倩's expression was grim. She had no idea how 池小橙 knew that she liked 叶良.

但她说的一切，都是陈倩担忧的。
But everything she said was exactly what 陈倩 feared.

无奈之下，只得妥协，"你想要什么，钱吗？"
Defeated, she had no choice but to give in. "What do you want? Money?"

"别紧张，我们是一条道的。"
"Don't be so tense. We're on the same side."

池小橙拉了一张椅子，同时反锁了身后的宿舍门，对陈倩淡淡道，"我和你一样想让苏桃远离叶良，你想嫁祸她让她身败名裂，得到叶良的喜欢对不对？"
池小橙 pulled over a chair, locked the dorm room door behind her, and said coolly to 陈倩, "Like you, I want 苏桃 to stay away from 叶良. You want to frame her, ruin her reputation, and win 叶良's affection, right?"

"是又怎样？"
"So what if I do?"

"我能帮你！"池小橙露出尖尖的小虎牙，反派的标志性笑容挂在小脸，"你清楚我的名字想必也知道我的事情。"
"I can help you!" 池小橙 revealed her sharp little canine teeth, a villain's signature smile on her small face. "You know my name, so you must know my story."

"可你也喜欢叶良不是吗？"陈倩很是警惕，"你也是我的竞争对手！"
"But you like 叶良 too, don't you?" 陈倩 was wary. "You're my rival!"

池小橙无奈道，"现在的问题是叶良一心扑在苏桃身上，至于我喜不喜欢叶良你不用管。"
池小橙 said with a sigh, "The problem right now is that 叶良 only has eyes for 苏桃. Whether I like him or not is none of your business."

说着，又啧了一声，"算了，说那么多干什么，你不会以为你还有选择的机会吧？"
She then clicked her tongue. "Whatever, why am I explaining so much? You don't really think you have a choice here, do you?"

她又摇了摇手机。
She shook her phone again.

然后扔过去一瓶刚刚路上买的水，"喝了这个吧。"
Then she tossed over a bottle of water she had just bought. "Drink this."

陈倩皱眉，低头捡起地上的矿泉水，"农夫山泉？"
陈倩 frowned, picking up the bottle of mineral water from the floor. "Nongfu Spring?"

池小橙微微笑了一下，"你先喝。"
池小橙 gave a slight smile. "You first."

虽然不知道池小橙打的什么主意，但陈倩还是不得不随她说的话去做。
Although she didn't know what 池小橙 was planning, 陈倩 felt she had to do as she was told.

只是这瓶矿泉水入口的时候，她才猛地意识到了不对劲，脸色煞白，"这瓶水为什么会这么苦！"
But the moment the water touched her lips, she realized something was terribly wrong. Her face went pale. "Why is this water so bitter!"

陈倩瞪大眼睛，不可置信地看着包装。
陈倩's eyes widened as she stared at the bottle in disbelief.

是农夫山泉啊！
It was Nongfu Spring!

而且这瓶水还没开封过呢，过期了？
And the bottle had been sealed. Could it be expired?

她当然不知道，池小橙在把水给她的时候，就已经使用了加料液体的技能，改变了水的味道。
Of course, she didn't know that 池小橙 had already used her "Spike Liquid" skill to change the water's taste the moment she handed it over.

"这是我特殊定制的毒药，本来想留给苏桃的，现在先用来限制一下你。"
"It's a special poison I had made. I was going to save it for 苏桃, but for now, I'll use it to keep you in line."

"毒药？！"
"Poison?!"

"对。"池小橙点头，"每周需要吃一次解药，否则的话脸上的肉就会烂掉。"
"That's right," 池小橙 nodded. "You'll need an antidote once a week, or the flesh on your face will rot away."

此话一出。
As soon as she said this,

吓得陈倩立马将矿泉水扔到一边。
a terrified 陈倩 threw the water bottle aside.

旋即捂住嘴，疯狂地抠动自己的喉咙想进行催吐。
She immediately covered her mouth and frantically tried to make herself vomit.

池小橙平静地将倒了一半水的瓶子拾起，"我知道你想对苏桃下手，但别那么着急，暂时先保持她好朋友的关系，之后我会有办法让她离开叶良的。"
池小橙 calmly picked up the half-empty bottle. "I know you want to go after 苏桃, but don't be in such a rush. For now, just keep up the act as her good friend. I have my ways of making her leave 叶良."

"至于解药。"池小橙歪了歪脑袋，嫣然一笑，赤红的眸子好似绽放红色的光芒，"只要你乖乖听我的话，我会给你的！"
"As for the antidote," 池小橙 tilted her head, her red eyes seeming to glow as she smiled beautifully, "I'll give it to you, as long as you do exactly as I say."

说罢，又晃了晃手机，"我需要你时刻跟在苏桃身边，无论她做什么事情你都要报备给我，一会儿我会用小号加你微信。"
With that, she brandished her phone again. "I need you to stick by 苏桃's side at all times. You will report everything she does to me. I'll add you on WeChat from a burner account in a bit."

"也别想着反抗。"
"And don't even think about fighting back."

"你也不想脸烂掉，然后做的丑事还被全校人知道吧？"
"You don't want your face to rot off, and you certainly don't want the whole school to know about your dirty little secrets, right?"

陈倩看着转身将要离开的池小橙，脸上的恐惧渐渐加深。
Watching 池小橙 turn to leave, the fear on 陈倩's face deepened.

这个人，简直就是魔鬼！
This person... she was a demon!

她慌乱地收拾起了作案的一些东西，旋即想到了什么，连滚带爬地奔向门口。
She frantically gathered the evidence of her attempted crime, and then, as if remembering something, scrambled towards the door.

"医院，去医院......"
"The hospital, I have to go to the hospital..."

只是刚出门，她又愣在了原地。
But as soon as she opened the door, she froze.

只见池小橙倚在走廊栏杆前，微风吹起她的鬓发，缓缓侧目斜视着她的平淡视线好似在说——去医院也没用。
池小橙 was leaning against the hallway railing. The breeze lifted her hair, and her calm, sideways glance seemed to say—*even the hospital can't help you*.

陈倩宛如失去全身力气，连忙扶住了栏杆。
Feeling all her strength leave her, 陈倩 quickly grabbed the railing to support herself.

又顺着池小橙的视线看向宿舍楼前方。
Her eyes followed 池小橙's gaze toward the front of the dormitory building.

一位面容清秀漂亮的少女正慢慢地往这宿舍楼走来。
A beautiful girl with a delicate face was slowly walking towards them.

是苏桃。
It was 苏桃.

她居然这么快就回来了？
She was back already?

陈倩错愕，又转头看向池小橙。
Stunned, 陈倩 turned her head back to look at 池小橙.

却见这位身材娇小的少女正紧紧盯着苏桃，妖艳的赤瞳好似在看一个猎物。
She saw the small girl staring intently at 苏桃, her enchanting red eyes fixed on her like a predator watching its prey. 