第11章 重要剧情点，校内球赛
Chapter 11: An Important Plot Point, the School Basketball Game
回到家，池小橙收到了来自陈倩的信息。
After getting home, 池小橙 received a message from 陈倩.
"苏桃已经回到宿舍了，脸色有点憔悴，心不在焉的样子。"
"苏桃 is back in the dorm. She looks a little worn out and seems distracted."
作为同一条战线上的内鬼，她虽然看池小橙有些不爽，可把柄被人抓在手里，也乐于出卖苏桃这个表面女友。
As a secret ally, even though she was annoyed with 池小橙, 陈倩 had no choice but to cooperate. So, she was more than willing to betray 苏桃, her supposed friend.
刚分别没多久，就发了信息给池小橙来试探，想打探她真正的用意到底是什么。
Not long after they parted ways, she sent a message to test 池小橙, trying to figure out what her true intentions were.
池小橙见状，"啪啪"地打字回复："我需要你对她进行无微不至的照顾，这几天就尽量找理由跟在她身边，有什么行动和想法就跟我说。"
Seeing the message, 池小橙 quickly tapped out a reply: "I need you to take great care of her. For the next few days, try to find reasons to stay by her side. Tell me about any of her actions or thoughts."
陈倩："无微不至地照顾她？你认真的？"
陈倩: "Take great care of her? Are you serious?"
池小橙："听我的就行。"
池小橙: "Just do as I say."
苏桃很单纯，还没暴露的陈倩绝对算是她的好友，同在一个宿舍，很多东西都会聊。
苏桃 was very naive. Since 陈倩 hadn't been exposed yet, she was definitely considered a good friend. Living in the same dorm, they would talk about many things.
经历了自己那样事情的大起大落后，苏桃不敢去跟叶良等人倾诉的话，就需要一个暂时的依靠。
After going through such a dramatic experience, 苏桃 wouldn't dare confide in people like 叶良, so she needed someone to lean on for a while.
陈倩就是很好的人选。
陈倩 was the perfect person for that.
一方面可以当自己内鬼获取信息，另一方面可以拉苏桃的好感度，等苏桃以为陈倩是真正的好姐妹后。
On one hand, she could act as my mole and get information. On the other, she could gain 苏桃's trust. Once 苏桃 believed 陈倩 was a true friend...
在某一个关键的时间点。
At a critical moment.
啪——！
And then—!
来一个绝望的背刺。
Deliver a devastating backstab.
届时她池小橙就可以上场，占据女主那脆弱的一抹心房。
That would be when she, 池小橙, could step in and win over the main character's fragile heart.
自然，这些都是她计划中的一部分，接下来，她需要应对的是原著中的下一个剧情点。
Of course, this was all part of her plan. Next, she had to deal with the next plot point from the original story.
校内篮球比赛！
The school basketball game!
东方阳率领红队。
东方阳 leading the Red Team.
叶良率领蓝队。
叶良 leading the Blue Team.
二者展开校内篮球比赛的决赛！
The two would face off in the finals of the school basketball tournament!
在女频小说中，这样的比赛无非就是刻画两位男主多帅，同时作为引子将女主的关系加进去，产生一种两位男主看似在比赛，其实是在为女主竞争的爽点。
In novels for a female audience, a game like this was usually just a way to show off how handsome the two male leads were. It also served as a device to involve the female lead, creating the satisfying trope where the two guys seem to be competing in the game, but are actually fighting for her.
即便因为自己的到来产生了蝴蝶效应，但苏桃不出意外还是会去这个比赛现场为两个男主加油。
Even though her arrival had created a butterfly effect, 苏桃 would, as expected, still go to the game to cheer for the two male leads.
池小橙在考虑，如何作为第三者，插足这场比赛的剧情。
池小橙 considered how she could insert herself into the game's plot as a third party.
同时，还能让自己与苏桃的关系更进一步。
And at the same time, improve her relationship with 苏桃.
最起码不能让苏桃继续回避自己，池小橙现在给苏桃发消息，这位女主都不做一点回复的。
At the very least, she couldn't let 苏桃 keep avoiding her. Right now, when 池小橙 sent messages to the female lead, she didn't get any reply at all.
"以防万一，再抽一个技能吧。"
"Just in case, I should draw another skill."
池小橙看向系统面板，这是系统除了商城以外的另一个功能。
池小橙 looked at the system panel. This was another function of the system, besides the store.
抽奖！
Lottery!
100点情绪值抽奖一次。
100 Emotion Points for one draw.
1000点情绪值可以进行一次十连，十连中保底获得一个低级技能。
1000 Emotion Points for a ten-draw, which guaranteed at least one low-level skill.
技能和商城中奇奇怪怪的物品不同，池小橙体验过系统技能的强悍。
Unlike the weird items in the store, 池小橙 had experienced how powerful the system's skills were.
演技（中级）、痛感减弱（中级）、加料液体（初级）。
Acting (Intermediate), Pain Reduction (Intermediate), Spiked Liquid (Beginner).
目前已有的三个技能，光是一个中级的演技，就给池小橙带来了莫大的帮助。
Of the three skills she currently had, just the intermediate-level Acting had been a huge help to her.
"搏一搏，单车变摩托！"
"Go big or go home!"
"抽卡！"
"Let's draw!"
再次花掉100点情绪值，系统的抽奖面板顿时蹦出金光。
After spending another 100 Emotion Points, the system's lottery panel suddenly flashed with a golden light.
"出技能了？！"
"I got a skill?!"
池小橙脸色惊喜，"居然还是中级技能！"
A look of pleasant surprise appeared on 池小橙's face. "And it's an intermediate skill!"
可看到技能名字的那一刻，池小橙不免又呆了一下，脸色变得奇怪了起来。
But the moment she saw the skill's name, 池小橙 froze for a second, and her expression turned strange.
"这样的技能，对于现在我的处境来说，真的有用吗？"
"Is a skill like this really useful for my current situation?"
时间很快到了11月5日，周二。
Time passed quickly, and it was soon Tuesday, November 5th.
校内篮球队比赛当天。
The day of the school basketball game.
为了回避可能还在气头上的其他男主，还有那群两面三刀的姐妹，池小橙逃课了一天。
To avoid the other male leads who were probably still angry, and that group of two-faced friends, 池小橙 had skipped classes for a day.
但今天是小高潮的剧情展开。
But today was the unfolding of a minor climax in the plot.
下午5点，就是比赛开打的日子。
At 5 p.m., it was time for the game to begin.
池小橙早早地就出了门，前往学校中的露天篮球场。
池小橙 left early and headed for the school's outdoor basketball court.
即便提前了半小时到场，这里依旧被学生绕着球场围得水泄不通。
Even though she arrived half an hour early, the court was already surrounded by students, packed so tightly you couldn't get through.
可见两位男主在学校的人气有多高。
It was clear how popular the two male leads were at school.
故作迷惘地往苏桃所在的方向靠去后，没多时前排占了一个好位置的某个女生便大喊出声，对着池小橙高高招手，"小橙，这边！"
She pretended to look lost as she moved in 苏桃's direction. Before long, a girl who had saved a good spot in the front row shouted and waved enthusiastically at her, "小橙, over here!"
好奇的路人循声望去，旋即惊讶地张开嘴巴。
Curious onlookers turned to see who was shouting, and their jaws dropped in surprise.
今天的池小橙，依旧是素颜出门。
Today, 池小橙 had once again gone out without any makeup on.
她那纤细娇小的身躯包裹在一件米色小熊卫衣中，柔软的面料贴合着她玲珑的曲线，袖口微微向外翻卷，露出一小截雪白的手腕，显得格外精致。
Her slender, petite body was wrapped in a beige bear-themed hoodie. The soft fabric clung to her delicate curves, and the cuffs were slightly rolled up, revealing a small section of her snow-white wrists, making her look exceptionally dainty.
依旧是面见东方阳时的双马尾辫，细腻的丝带束起，发尾自然卷曲，双马尾在她的背后轻轻晃动，增添了几分俏皮与灵动。
She still had her hair in the same pigtails as when she met 东方阳, tied up with delicate ribbons. The ends of her hair curled naturally, and the pigtails swayed gently behind her, adding a playful and lively touch.
今天的她，是邻家可爱的小妹妹。
Today, she looked like the cute girl-next-door.
让众人震惊的自然是池小橙的颜值，如此可爱的一只小萝莉，在场唯有苏桃这位平民校花能比了。
What shocked everyone was, of course, 池小橙's beauty. The only person there who could compare to such an adorable girl was the "commoner school beauty," 苏桃.
兴许是那位女生的叫喊声太大，连带着场内三个重点人士，也投来了目光。
Perhaps the girl's shout was too loud, because it drew the attention of the three key people on the court.
叶良重重皱眉，眼神厌恶。
叶良 frowned deeply, his eyes filled with disgust.
东方阳饶有兴趣地看了她一眼。
东方阳 gave her an interested glance.
苏桃眼神有些惊讶，又有些复杂，在池小橙投去一个微笑时，慌乱地错开视线。
苏桃 looked surprised and a bit conflicted. When 池小橙 gave her a smile, she quickly looked away.
过程中，她注意到，回避的那一刻，这只小萝莉的神情也多了一抹失落。
As she did, she noticed that the little girl's expression became tinged with a hint of disappointment the moment she looked away.
池小橙挤到前排，来到了刚刚喊她那个女生旁边。
池小橙 squeezed through to the front row, next to the girl who had just called her.
她的姐妹之一，曾秀花。
One of her "sisters," 曾秀花.
鼻梁挺拔，脸上的妆很精致，但说话时脸部肌肉动作很僵硬，明显整过容。
Her nose was well-defined and her makeup was exquisite, but when she spoke, her facial muscles were stiff, a clear sign of plastic surgery.
"我就猜到小橙你肯定会来看比赛，特意给你占了个位置。"
"I knew you would come to the game, 小橙, so I saved a spot for you."
她将池小橙拉到身边坐下，距离苏桃的绝好位置大概5米远。
She pulled 池小橙 down to sit next to her, about five meters away from 苏桃's perfect viewing spot.
先是瞥了眼池小橙那仿佛满是胶原蛋白的素颜小脸蛋，嫉妒与不满被深深藏在眼底，她关心地问道：
She first glanced at 池小橙's makeup-free face, which seemed full of collagen. Hiding her jealousy and dissatisfaction deep in her eyes, she asked with concern:
"小橙，出门怎么不化妆啊，女孩子出门可不能不化妆，你这样一点都不好看。"
"小橙, why didn't you put on makeup before coming out? A girl can't go out without makeup. You don't look good like this at all."
池小橙露出一个假笑，"化妆品用完了，没钱买，出门的时候我用清水仔细洗过脸了，没事的。"
池小橙 forced a smile. "I ran out of makeup and have no money to buy more. I washed my face carefully with water before I left, so it's fine."
"那怎么行，你作为女孩子必须打扮自己呀！"曾秀花一副不满的语气，"真的是，没化妆品你跟我说不就行了，上次的不也是我送给你的？我那还有一套呢，之后我送到你宿舍去。"
"How can that be okay? As a girl, you must dress yourself up!" 曾秀花 said in a displeased tone. "Really, if you don't have makeup, you should have just told me. Didn't I give you your last set? I have another one. I'll bring it to your dorm later."
看着那关怀的表情。
Looking at her concerned expression,
池小橙差点没将隔夜饭吐出来。
池小橙 almost threw up last night's dinner.
那种廉价化妆品，就和30块左右的洗面奶一样，副作用多，不好看，还伤皮肤。
That kind of cheap makeup, like a 30-yuan facial cleanser, had many side effects, didn't look good, and even damaged the skin.
原主也是蠢，这种话哄几次居然真的信了她说的。
The original owner of this body was so foolish; she actually believed her after being coaxed just a few times.
心底虽然吐槽，不过池小橙脸上还是挂着牵强的假笑。
Although she was complaining inwardly, 池小橙 kept a strained, fake smile on her face.
这让偷看着这边的苏桃感觉很不是滋味。
This made 苏桃, who was secretly watching, feel quite uncomfortable.
心中那对于池小橙打扮的惊讶，远没有前几天地下室那番话语的冲击力来得大。
The surprise she felt about 池小橙's appearance was nothing compared to the impact of her words in the basement a few days ago.
即便是现在，她也依旧记得地下室发生的那些事情。
Even now, she still remembered everything that had happened in the basement.
包括池小橙说的那些话语。
Including the things 池小橙 had said.
那天下午，池小橙咬了一下，唇边疼痛的感觉，让苏桃现在都难以忘怀。
That afternoon, 池小橙 had bitten her, and 苏桃 still couldn't forget the feeling of pain on her lip.
为什么？
Why?
因为被池小橙咬了一下后，她...口腔溃疡了。
Because after being bitten by 池小橙, she... got a mouth sore. 