第12章 你不喜欢喝水吗
Chapter 12: Don't You Like Water?
舌尖时常抵在唇内伤口，每次传来阵阵疼痛，苏桃都不免想起地下室发生的事情。
Her tongue kept touching the cut inside her lip. Every time it throbbed with pain, 苏桃 couldn't help but remember what happened in the basement.
初吻没了。
Her first kiss was gone.
还被迫在叶良那里撒了谎。
She'd also been forced to lie to 叶良.
小橙变得完全不认识了，并说出了那种她从未想过的话。
小橙 had become a complete stranger, saying things she never thought she would hear.
这两天，她想了很多，但都没有和其他人提起过这件事情，可怎么想也想不明白，池小橙为什么会变成这样。
For the past two days, she had thought about it a lot but hadn't mentioned it to anyone. No matter how much she thought, she couldn't understand why 池小橙 had changed so much.
不理解，不明白。
She didn't get it, didn't understand at all.
索性先躲着。
So, she decided to avoid her for now.
可她没想到，校内篮球赛池小橙竟然来了。
But she never expected that 池小橙 would actually show up for the school basketball game.
她是来见我的？
Is she here to see me?
还是说为叶良和东方阳加油？
Or is she here to cheer for 叶良 and 东方阳?
不知怎的，苏桃心中又生起了一丝别样的念头。
For some reason, a strange thought popped into 苏桃's mind.
——小橙她不是说不喜欢叶良和东方阳吗。
—Didn't 小橙 say she didn't like 叶良 and 东方阳?
带着奇怪的念头，很快比赛就开始了，叶良和东方阳作为小说男主，自然是近乎全能的存在。
With this strange thought in her mind, the game soon began. As the male leads of the novel, 叶良 and 东方阳 were, of course, almost perfect at everything.
两边队伍打得难解难分，一个又一个帅气的投篮看得现场大部分女生都尖叫连连。
The two teams were neck and neck, and one amazing shot after another made most of the girls in the crowd scream with excitement.
赛程过半，池小橙偷偷看了一眼苏桃。
Halfway through the game, 池小橙 secretly glanced at 苏桃.
只见苏桃双眼也是异彩连连。
She saw that 苏桃's eyes were also sparkling with excitement.
她对她的思绪虽然复杂。
Her feelings towards 池小橙 were complicated,
可显然对几位男主也有着不少好感。
but it was obvious she also had a soft spot for the male leads.
注意到她身边放着两瓶未开的矿泉水，池小橙转了转眼珠子。
池小橙's eyes shifted as she noticed the two unopened bottles of water beside 苏桃.
转身看向身后的一个男生，甜甜笑道，"小哥哥，你能帮我一个忙吗？"
She turned to a boy sitting behind her and said with a sweet smile, "Excuse me, could you do me a favor?"
男生被池小橙忽然搭讪也是呆了一下，视线在那精致可爱的面容停滞了两秒。
The boy was stunned for a moment when 池小橙 suddenly spoke to him, his eyes lingering on her delicate and cute face for a couple of seconds.
池小橙也不介意，反倒是俏皮地眨了眨眼睛。
池小橙 didn't seem to mind, and even gave him a playful wink.
男生连忙回神，局促地点点头，"没...没问题的。"
The boy quickly snapped out of it and nodded nervously, "N-No... no problem."
"我有些口渴了，你能帮我买两瓶矿泉水回来可以吗？"
"I'm a little thirsty. Could you buy two bottles of mineral water for me?"
"两...两瓶是吗？"
"T-Two bottles?"
男生呆呆地点了一下头，心中暗喜。
The boy nodded blankly, secretly delighted.
正好他也口渴了，一人一瓶刚刚好。
He was thirsty too, so one bottle for each of them would be perfect.
比赛还在继续，心系美少女的男生很快就跑了回来，先是将一瓶递给池小橙，另一瓶刚打算拧开瓶盖，却见池小橙又伸手过来。
The game was still going, and the boy, his mind on the pretty girl, quickly ran back. He handed one bottle to 池小橙 and was about to twist the cap off the other when he saw her reach out her hand again.
他愣了一下，"怎么了？"
He paused, confused. "What's wrong?"
"是两瓶呀。"池小橙一脸人畜无害。
"You got two bottles, right?" 池小橙 said, looking completely innocent.
男生不解地看了眼旁边的兄弟，又看向池小橙，"你一个人喝两瓶？"
The boy glanced at his friend next to him, confused, then looked back at 池小橙. "You're going to drink two bottles by yourself?"
"哦，我不是自己喝的，一会儿要送给叶良和东方阳。"
"Oh, they're not for me. I'm going to give them to 叶良 and 东方阳 in a bit."
朴实平淡的话语，瞬间让男生心凉了。
Her simple, plain words instantly made the boy's heart sink.
我买水给美少女，美少女用我买的水送给其他男人。
I buy water for the pretty girl, and the pretty girl gives the water I bought to other guys.
那我算什么？
So what does that make me?
呆呆地把水递过去，男生又见池小橙拿出小钱包，从中抽了一张5元钱出来。
He numbly handed over the water. Then the boy saw 池小橙 take out her small wallet and pull out a 5-yuan bill.
交到他的手中，"谢谢小哥哥~"
She placed it in his hand. "Thanks, little bro~"
两瓶水只要四块钱。
The two bottles of water only cost four yuan.
她甚至还给了一块钱的跑腿费！
She even gave him a one-yuan tip for the trouble!
男生只觉得自己此刻鼻子渐渐变红，头上好似戴了一头爆炸的假发。
The boy felt his nose start to turn red, and it was as if he were suddenly wearing a big, poofy clown wig.
爱情还没开始，就已经结束了。
His love story was over before it even began.
旁边的兄弟沉默地拍了拍男生的肩膀，站起身，"走吧，不然一会儿蝙蝠侠就要来抓小丑了。"
His friend silently patted him on the shoulder, then stood up. "Let's go. Batman might show up to catch the Joker if we stick around."
很快，比赛上半场结束。
Soon, the first half of the game was over.
叶良所在的蓝队占优。
The blue team, which 叶良 was on, had the lead.
进入休息时间。
The players took a break.
两边队伍的男生都大汗淋漓，不断有女生为他们送水和毛巾，除了叶良和东方阳。
The guys on both teams were drenched in sweat, and girls kept bringing them water and towels—except for 叶良 and 东方阳.
这两位是实打实的校草，在学校名声大，威望高，常人根本不敢去接触。
Those two were the genuine school princes, famous and respected, so most people didn't dare approach them.
并且，谁不知道，他们都在追求苏桃？
Besides, who didn't know they were both trying to win over 苏桃?
正主都还在这儿呢。
The main character of that story was right here, after all.
只见苏桃拿起一瓶水，刚好起身。
Just as 苏桃 picked up a bottle of water and stood up,
另一个娇小的身影比她还快。
another, smaller figure moved faster.
池小橙拿起一瓶水，迈着小步子跑到了东方阳面前，露出傻傻的笑容，"东方少爷，要喝水吗？"
池小橙 grabbed a bottle, ran up to 东方阳 with small steps, and gave him a silly smile. "Young Master 东方, would you like some water?"
她双手将水捧着，面怀期待。
She held the water bottle with both hands, her face full of hope.
好似这是什么珍贵的宝物。
As if it were some kind of precious treasure.
东方阳轻笑了一声，又摇摇头，"不需要，谢谢。"
东方阳 let out a soft laugh and shook his head. "No need, thank you."
他虽然对池小橙有所改观，但肯定不会在众目睽睽之下接受她送的水。
Although his opinion of 池小橙 had changed a little, he definitely wouldn't accept water from her in front of everyone.
特别还是在苏桃面前。
Especially not in front of 苏桃.
见此，池小橙脸上的失望一闪而逝。
Seeing this, a flash of disappointment crossed 池小橙's face.
演技大爆发的她，很好地让东方阳捕捉到了痕迹后，挤出牵强的笑容，"如果要喝水的话，可以和我说哦。"
Putting on a great performance, she let 东方阳 catch that flicker of sadness before forcing a smile. "Well, if you do get thirsty, just let me know."
她转过身。
She turned away.
脑海里响起系统的声音。
The system's voice echoed in her head.
【情绪值+4...】
[Emotion Points +4...]
【情绪值+7...】
[Emotion Points +7...]
【情绪值+2...】
[Emotion Points +2...]
东方阳在惊讶她竟然还敢在那么多人的眼前给自己送水，明明苏桃都站起来了。
东方阳 was surprised she still had the guts to offer him water in front of so many people, especially when 苏桃 had already stood up.
这是故意的啊！
She had to be doing it on purpose!
池小橙当然是故意的。
Of course, 池小橙 was doing it on purpose.
只是她没想到这样还能赚一些情绪值。
She just hadn't expected to earn emotion points from it.
于是一转身。
So, she turned again.
走向了叶良。
And walked towards 叶良.
那傻傻的笑容刹那间变得有些害怕，站在他面前双手将矿泉水递上去时。
Her silly smile instantly turned a little fearful as she stood before him, offering the water with both hands.
还未开口。
Before she could even speak,
叶良一巴掌就将矿泉水给拍到地上。
叶良 slapped the water bottle out of her hands and onto the ground.
"你居然还敢出现在我面前装模作样，给我滚！"
"How dare you show up and pretend in front of me again. Get lost!"
声音夹带着些许怒气，因为厌烦，同样为池小橙提供了23点情绪。
His voice was filled with anger and disgust, which also gave 池小橙 23 emotion points.
矿泉水滚了好几圈，停在了一个黄毛女生的脚下。
The water bottle rolled a few times and stopped at the feet of a girl with blonde-dyed hair.
一脚踩上。
She stepped on it.
女生讥讽地看着池小橙。
The girl looked at 池小橙 with a mocking expression.
那个小小的身影站在一片被人挪腾出来的空地上，显得是那样的委屈、无助。
That small figure stood in the empty space people had cleared, looking so wronged and helpless.
东方阳见状，皱了皱眉，不免对叶良道，"没必要吧，这里人那么多呢，注意点形象。"
Seeing this, 东方阳 frowned and couldn't help but say to 叶良, "Was that necessary? There are a lot of people here. Watch your image."
叶良冷哼一声，"怎么，东方阳你还同情起这个家伙了，我都还没找她算账呢还敢凑过来，如果不是苏桃拦着，昨天她就该在这个学校消失了，看着她我就想呕。"
叶良 snorted coldly. "What, 东方阳, you feel sorry for this thing now? I haven't even settled the score with her, and she has the nerve to come near me. If 苏桃 hadn't stopped me, she would have disappeared from this school yesterday. Just looking at her makes me want to puke."
自始至终，他都没正眼看过池小橙。
He hadn't looked at 池小橙 directly the entire time.
那张惨白的素颜小脸蛋很让人怜惜，但不去看，又怎么会被魅惑呢？
Her pale, makeup-free face was pitiful, but if you don't look, how can you be charmed?
池小橙失魂落魄地回到自己的位置，又拿起最后一瓶矿泉水，慢慢看向了苏桃，"桃桃，你...要喝水吗？"
Looking completely dejected, 池小橙 returned to her seat. She picked up the last bottle of water and slowly looked at 苏桃. "桃桃, do... do you want some water?"
连续被两个人拒绝。
Rejected by two people in a row.
她似乎在寻找心灵寄托。
She seemed to be looking for some comfort.
眼见池小橙神情和状态都很差，苏桃想将水接过并安慰一下她。
Seeing that 池小橙 looked and sounded terrible, 苏桃 wanted to take the water and comfort her.
可叶良，又从远处走来，冷冷地哼了一声。
But 叶良 walked over from a distance and let out a cold snort.
苏桃缩了缩脖子，看了一眼他后，犹豫再三还是摇了摇头，"抱歉小橙，我现在不渴，不太想喝水。"
苏桃 shrank back a little. After glancing at him, she hesitated for a long time before finally shaking her head. "Sorry, 小橙. I'm not thirsty right now. I don't really want to drink."
"咚！"
Thud!
被她拿在手中的矿泉水，重重地掉在了地面。
The water bottle in her hand fell heavily to the ground.
周遭原本看戏的眼神，也渐渐变得或讥讽、或怜悯。
The surrounding gazes, which had been watching the show, slowly turned to mockery or pity.
"这样呀，原来桃桃不想喝水……"
"Oh, so 桃桃 doesn't want water..."
池小橙声音不大，却又恰好传到苏桃耳中。
池小橙's voice wasn't loud, but it was just loud enough for 苏桃 to hear.
她拿着一瓶水递给叶良，又转过头，发现池小橙嘴角挂着若有若无的笑容，赤红的眸子倒映着她递水的动作。
As she handed a bottle of water to 叶良, she turned her head and saw a faint smile on 池小橙's lips. Her crimson eyes reflected the motion of her giving the water away.
瞳孔好似没有高光，空洞无比。
Her pupils seemed to have no light in them; they were completely empty.
那失神的表情就仿佛在给苏桃传递一个信息。
That vacant expression seemed to be sending 苏桃 a message.
池小橙的天。
池小橙's world.
塌了。
Had just collapsed. 