第13章 你再说一遍！
Chapter 13: Say That Again!
【宿主，你都可以去拿奥斯卡小金人了，演得简直也太棒了，我要是女主，被你这么盯着鸡皮疙瘩都得起来，太渗人了】
[Host, you could win an Oscar for that performance! It was just too good. If I were the female lead, the way you were staring would have given me goosebumps. It was so creepy.]
"你不懂，我这样的表现是黑化的前兆，只有让苏桃心神不宁，时时刻刻想着我，我才能从她身上源源不断获取情绪值，并且进行下一步的计划。"
"You don't understand. This behavior is a sign of my villainous turn. Only by making 苏桃 feel unsettled and constantly think about me can I continuously gain 'Emotional Value' from her and move on to the next phase of my plan."
【我已经迫不及待想要看到宿主你拿捏女主了，什么时候行动，什么时候行动！】
[I can't wait to see you get the upper hand on the female lead, Host! When are we making our move? When?!]
"你一个破系统，你急什么？"
"You're just a system. What's the rush?"
【我们都是反派啊，反派当然要有反派的样子，要不是知道宿主你的情况，我都以为你真的是个病娇了】
[We're both villains! Villains have to act the part. If I didn't know your situation, Host, I would've actually thought you were a yandere.]
池小橙失落地往人群中走去，围观的群众不由自主地给她让出一条出去的道路。
池小橙 walked away dejectedly, and the crowd of onlookers instinctively parted to let her through.
现在的她垂着头，驼着背，茶色的秀发盖过眼眸，显得是那么落魄。
With her head lowered and shoulders slumped, her light-brown hair hiding her eyes, she looked completely crestfallen.
但在脑海中，却和系统聊得不亦乐乎。
But in her mind, she was cheerfully chatting away with the system.
同时，池小橙也发现了，原主在学校的处境有些微妙。
At the same time, 池小橙 noticed that the original owner of the body had been in a delicate situation at school.
凭着这张娇弱可爱的小脸，一些路人和认识的同学，对池小橙的态度都挺好的。
Thanks to her cute and delicate-looking face, most strangers and classmates she knew were quite nice to her.
但只要与叶良、东方阳等主角相关周边的人，对她的态度就极差。
But anyone connected to the main characters, like 叶良 and 东方阳, treated her terribly.
还有一部分在高中时就和原主不对付的
There were also those who had been against her since high school.
就在池小橙一边思考一边走向自己宿舍打算休息时，就在一条尽是灌木丛的幽静小道，身后陡然传来了声音。
Just as 池小橙 was lost in thought while walking back to her dorm to rest, a voice suddenly called out from behind her on a quiet, bush-lined path.
"Hey, 池小橙!"
闻言，池小橙止住了身形，徐徐转身。
Hearing her name, 池小橙 stopped and slowly turned around.
一个穿着露脐装、小短裙的黄毛女生双手插兜，慢悠悠地走了过来。
A blonde-haired girl in a crop top and a miniskirt strolled toward her, her hands casually tucked in her pockets.
她的身后还有一个戴着黑框眼镜，披散头发，低着头一脸阴沉的跟班。
Behind her was a follower, a girl with black-framed glasses and messy hair, who trailed along with her head down and a gloomy look on her face.
池小橙见到她皱了皱眉。
池小橙 frowned when she saw her.
这人正是刚刚在球场，踩住她掉下那瓶水的黄毛女生。
This was the same blonde girl from the court who had stepped on the water bottle she'd dropped.
同时也是在高中霸凌原主的一个不良少女。
She was also one of the delinquent girls who had bullied the original owner back in high school.
以前对原主拳脚相加那是常态，上了大学，这两个月依旧时常找原主麻烦。
Back then, physical abuse had been a regular occurrence. Even after starting college, she had continued to harass the original owner over the past two months.
黄莉梅用手轻轻拨弄小树丛，慢悠悠地走到池小橙面前，一脸嚣张，"Well, if it isn't 池小橙. No pretty makeup today? Playing the innocent girl to deliver water... who were you trying to seduce?"
敌意毫不掩饰，反派特有的语气让池小橙不由反思了起来。
Her hostility was completely undisguised. That tone, so typical of a minor villain, made 池小橙 pause and reflect.
总感觉自己不像是反派。
Somehow, she didn't feel much like a villain at all.
这样的语气、表情才是真正的炮灰反派吧？
This tone and expression... this is what a true cannon-fodder villain should be like, right?
不动声色地瞥了眼右上小楼墙角的摄像头，池小橙还是保持了一贯的演技。
Discreetly glancing at the security camera on the corner of the building above, 池小橙 maintained her act.
缩了缩脖子后，对黄莉梅警惕道，"What do you want?"
"I just don't like you. Got a problem with that?"
她一把拽住池小橙的卫衣领口，竟是单手将她给提了起来。
She grabbed the collar of 池小橙's sweatshirt and actually lifted her off the ground with a single hand.
那纹着花蝴蝶的臂膀，鼓起一块块肌肉，哪里像是一个普通的女孩子。
Her arm, adorned with a butterfly tattoo, bulged with muscles. She was nothing like an ordinary girl.
这也是池小橙穿越以来绝对的弱项。
This was, by far, 池小橙's greatest weakness since coming to this world.
身体太弱了。
Her body was too weak.
只要涉及打架基本就是会输，即便有了系统也无法短时间改变这点。
In any physical fight, she was bound to lose. Even with the system's help, that wasn't something she could change in a short time.
黄莉梅威胁着池小橙，恶狠狠说道，"I'm warning you, stay away from 东方阳. He's the man I've got my eyes on!"
"Pfft."
一直演技在线的池小橙，还是没绷住笑出了声。
池小橙, who had kept her composure so perfectly until now, couldn't help but let out a small laugh.
没想到居然还是因为男主。
She hadn't expected it to be about the male lead.
在这小说世界中，这些主角还真就是万恶之源啊。
In the world of this novel, the main characters truly were the root of all trouble.
可在黄莉梅眼里，池小橙这没憋住的笑就是在嘲讽她。
But in 黄莉梅's eyes, 池小橙's stifled laugh was pure mockery.
她的眼神渐渐沉了下来，死死地盯着池小橙白净的素颜小脸。
Her gaze darkened, and she stared daggers at 池小橙's fair, makeup-free face.
"You think this is funny?"
She raised her hand, her voice dropping to an icy tone.
池小橙见状，也不装了，眼神平淡地说道，"Are you sure you want to do this? This is a university, not that crummy old high school of ours. The school won't take your side here, no matter how good your grades are."
同时，迅速在系统内搜寻着可以反制的手段。
Meanwhile, she was rapidly searching the system for a countermeasure.
Her Emotional Value was at exactly 200 points. She could either spend 150 on a temporary strength-boosting pill...
...or spend 10 points on a fruit knife and just get it over with.
...or, she could just endure it.
Just then, the gloomy follower behind 黄莉梅 spoke up timidly, "There's a camera above us... Maybe we should just forget it?"
黄莉梅陡然抬头，脸色更难看了。
黄莉梅 snapped her head up, her expression turning even fouler.
举着的一只右手颤抖了一下，打也不是不打也不是。
Her raised right hand trembled slightly, caught between striking and not striking.
池小橙心底暗暗松了口气。
池小橙 let out a quiet sigh of relief internally.
But just then, her sharp eyes caught sight of a figure hurrying toward them.
An idea flashed in her mind.
She looked at 黄莉梅 defiantly. "Don't you dare? Useless."
"Say that again!"
The veins on 黄莉梅's raised hand bulged as she brought it down hard across her face.
"Argh!"
A crisp sound echoed as the delicate cheek quickly turned red.
Even with her intermediate pain reduction skill, the slap made 池小橙 gasp.
But... the goal was achieved.
"What are you doing?!"
A hero arrived.
The person who had come was none other than 苏桃!
She rushed over, and upon seeing 池小橙 with tears streaming down her slapped face, she cried out, "小橙!"
黄莉梅将池小橙往地板一扔，转头眼神冰冷，"What now, 苏桃? Are you going to protect this bitch like you did in high school? She's been going against you at every turn!"
苏桃's eyes were icy, her beautiful face expressionless. "No matter what, 小橙 is my sister!"
"Such a fake. I've had enough of you!"
黄莉梅 gathered her strength and threw a heavy punch.
However, she hadn't expected 苏桃 to be a pushover. 苏桃 swiftly sidestepped the punch, using the momentum to grab her right hand.
Closing the distance, she executed a clean shoulder throw!
"Argh!"
A mouthful of stomach acid came up, and 黄莉梅's face twisted in pain.
苏桃 snorted coldly, grabbed 黄莉梅's hair, and walked over to 池小橙. "小橙, how many times did she slap you?"
Looking at her reddened cheek, she felt a pang of heartache.
"O-one slap."
"Alright." 苏桃 nodded, flicked her hair back, and raised her right hand, bringing it down hard across 黄莉梅's face.
*Smack!*
A trickle of blood flowed from the corner of 黄莉梅's mouth.
Her face swelled up instantly.
Tossing 黄莉梅 aside like a piece of trash, 苏桃 dusted off her hands in disgust. The entire sequence of moves was as smooth as flowing water, all taking place in under a minute.
So cool and impressive.
池小橙 was completely stunned.
She thought she finally understood why so many people would willingly fall for this "white moonlight" female lead.
She had originally planned to just take a slap to gain the female lead's gentle concern.
She had forgotten that in 苏桃's character design, she was actually quite strong.
"小橙, are you okay?"
Even though she still had some reservations in her heart, as she helped 池小橙 up, 苏桃's gaze...
...was as gentle as water. 