Chapter 14: A New Plan (Thanks to 汐汐是也 for the tip!)
第14章 新的计划（谢谢汐汐是也的打赏）
"System, do you know something?"
    “系统，你知道吗？”
[What is it?]
    【什么？】
"It's been a little over two days since I came to this world, and I've seen Su Tao a few times. I always thought this so-called 'white moonlight' heroine was just a character the author propped up with all sorts of halos to make her appealing. I even saw her as just a tool for my own survival."
    “穿越到这个世界两天多，我也见过好几次苏桃了，一直觉得所谓的白月光系女主无非就是作者在她身上加了各种光环，所以才吸引人，甚至我都是把她当成我生存的一种工具。”
"I look down on that Huang Limei, and I know the whole 'hero saves the beauty' thing is cliché, but I have to admit... this heroine, she's surprisingly captivating."
    “我看不起那个黄莉梅，也知道英雄救美很老套，但不得不承认，这个女主，她有点香。”
Of course, it wasn't love.
    喜欢的心思自然没有。
It was more like admiration, limited strictly to Su Tao's beauty.
    更多是欣赏，仅局限于苏桃的美貌。
Sometimes, I even looked down on her a little, because she was just a puppet protagonist with no real personality, just a bunch of halos forced on her by some author.
    偶尔还有点看不起，因为她只是某一个作者笔下硬加光环，没什么特点的傀儡主角。
But that shoulder throw just now, that knee strike, and that slap...
    但刚刚那一个过肩摔，一击膝击，还有那一巴掌。
They really impressed Chi Xiaocheng.
    确实把池小橙帅到了。
That gentle, concerned look in her eyes... it really got to her.
    这温柔关切的小眼神，又戳中了她的内心。
Half-covering her face, Chi Xiaocheng sat on the ground, lowered her head, and apologized to Su Tao, "I'm sorry."
    半捂着脸，池小橙坐在地上低下头，对苏桃道歉说着，“对不起。”
"What silly things are you saying?" Su Tao reached out, helped Chi Xiaocheng up, then gently touched her cheek, carefully tending to the spot where she had been slapped.
    “说什么胡话呢？”苏桃伸出手，将池小橙给扶了起来，又轻轻抚上她的脸颊，小心翼翼地揩拭着被打了一巴掌的右脸。
"Does it hurt?"
    “疼吗？”
If I didn't have my skills, I probably would have started crying.
    如果没有技能的话，可能已经掉眼泪了吧。
But right now, it felt okay.
    现在的话感觉还好。
But feeling that gentle touch, the warmth of her fingertips on my cheek, a silly smile spread across my face. "I'm used to it."
    但感受着那轻柔的抚摸和指腹贴在脸颊温润的触感，池小橙露出一个傻傻的笑容，“习惯了。”
Those three words made Su Tao's heart tighten once again.
    三个字，又是听得苏桃心中一紧。
She let out a soft sigh. "Let's go back to the dorm first. I'll put some medicine on it for you."
    她轻轻呼了口气，“先回宿舍吧，我给你上点药。”
Leaning on her for support, Chi Xiaocheng didn't dare to look into her eyes. "Taotao, you don't hate me, do you?"
    池小橙被她搀扶着，没敢去看她的眼睛，“桃桃不讨厌我吗？”
"Hmm?"
    “嗯哼？”
"In the basement... I did such a terrible thing to you, and you haven't talked to me for the past two days. You must really hate me, right?"
    “地下室我对你做了那么过分的事情，这两天你也不理我，果然是很讨厌我吧？”
"Well..."
    “这......”
Chi Xiaocheng's words struck a nerve. The one thing Su Tao didn't want to confront was Chi Xiaocheng's strange behavior in the basement.
    池小橙的话问到了苏桃心里，她目前最不愿意面对的，就是地下室时池小橙那奇怪的状态。
Right now, she seemed quite normal.
    现在看起来倒还蛮正常的。
Without makeup, she looked cute, and a little fragile.
    卸了妆，很可爱，又有些柔弱。
Just like the Chi Xiaocheng she remembered from their childhood.
    和她印象中小时候的池小橙一样。
Could last time... have been an accident?
    上次难道...是意外？
Su Tao glanced at the downcast Chi Xiaocheng and asked tentatively, "Well, Xiaocheng... do you still like me?"
    苏桃瞥了眼低头的池小橙，试探地问道，“那小橙你还喜欢我吗？”
"I do."
    “喜欢。”
Chi Xiaocheng answered without any hesitation, the word leaving her lips almost the instant Su Tao finished speaking.
    池小橙回答得毫不犹豫，几乎是在她话音刚落就接上了答案。
But with her head down, her expression was hidden.
    只是低着头，看不清她的表情。
Su Tao was at a loss for words. After a moment, her dry lips trembled as she replied, "How could I hate you, Xiaocheng? When you went to give water to Ye Liang and Dongfang Yang, it was because you saw me stand up and wanted to help, right?"
    苏桃一时语塞，颤了颤有些发干的嘴唇后，回答道，“我怎么会讨厌小橙呢，刚刚小橙给叶良和东方陽送水，是看到我站起来了想给他们送了吧？”
Chi Xiaocheng didn't answer, her silence a confirmation.
    池小橙没有回答，沉默又代表了肯定。
Su Tao smiled. "You're always paying attention to me, Xiaocheng. How could I possibly hate you?"
    苏桃笑了笑，“小橙都在关注我，我又怎么可能真的讨厌小橙呢？”
If she really hated her, she would have stopped caring about the original owner of this body long ago.
    但凡讨厌，很早就不会管原主了。
"After all, we're good sisters."
    “毕竟我们是好姐妹啊。”
She had dodged the topic of love and pivoted to being 'sisters'.
    她回避了喜欢的话题，转到了朋友身上。
The two of them arrived at dorm room 801. Su Tao told Chi Xiaocheng to sit down and quickly took a tube of ointment from her drawer.
    二人来到了801宿舍，苏桃让池小橙先坐着，很快从她的抽屉里拿出一支药膏。
"Close your eyes. I'll be gentle, I promise it won't hurt."
    “闭上眼睛，我会轻点，保证不弄疼小橙的。”
Her index finger touched my cheek, cool and gentle.
    食指触及脸颊，有些冰凉。
I couldn't see Su Tao's expression, but it wasn't hard to guess it was focused and very gentle.
    池小橙看不到苏桃此时的表情，但也不难猜出，一定很专注，也很温柔。
A person's actions reveal their heart. Accompanied by that faint, sweet scent unique to girls, I found myself enjoying this moment of her tending to me.
    动作会传递一个人的内心，伴随着女孩子特有的淡淡清香，池小橙很享受这一刻的上药。
It seems Su Tao's self-convincing these past two days has worked pretty well, even after my 'yandere' side came out in the basement.
    看来，地下室病娇性格展现出来后，苏桃这两天的自我攻略效果还不错。
But with her being so gentle now, it makes my next plan a bit harder to carry out.
    但她现在这么温柔，下一步计划反倒不太好做啊。
As I was thinking, Su Tao's cheerful voice broke in, "There, all done. Just rest a bit, Xiaocheng, and you'll be fine. Luckily, it's not swollen or scraped. Your pretty face is safe."
    思绪间，传来苏桃轻松的声音，“好了，小橙休息一下就没问题了，幸好没有肿起来，也没有擦伤，不会破相。”
"Mhm, thank you, Taotao." I gave her a happy smile.
    “嗯嗯，谢谢桃桃。”池小橙露出了幸福的笑容。
Then, as if remembering something, I took the bottle of mineral water from the court out of my shoulder bag.
    又想起什么，从挎包拿出了刚刚球场上的那瓶矿泉水。
Holding it in both hands again, I offered it to Su Tao. "Taotao, have some water and rest for a bit?"
    再一度捧在手中，递给了苏桃，“桃桃，喝水休息一下吧？”
Su Tao shook her head as she packed some other medicines into a small bag. "I won't have any. During the game just now, Ye Liang and Dongfang Yang crashed into each other and got hurt. I need to take some medicine to them, so I have to go."
    苏桃摇了摇头，又将其他的药物装进一个包包里，“我就不喝了，刚刚比赛的时候，叶良和东方阳撞在一起伤到了，我还要带点药给他们，就先走了。”
No wonder she came back before the game was over.
    难怪比赛还没结束就回来。
So that was the reason.
    原来是因为这个呀。
A dangerous smile played on Chi Xiaocheng's lips, and her eyes deepened.
    池小橙唇角勾出一抹危险的笑容，眼神深邃。
Her next plan was forming.
    她的下一步计划，有了。
Still holding the water, she stood up to stop her. "Taotao, are you sure you won't have a sip? Or do you just not like mineral water?"
    手中拿着的水依旧没有放下，她站起来挽留道，“桃桃，真的不喝一口水吗，还是说不喜欢喝矿泉水？”
Su Tao, already at the door, gave Chi Xiaocheng a strange look.
    苏桃走到门边，奇怪地看了一眼池小橙。
It was a very strange question.
    这个问题问得就很奇怪。
She looked Chi Xiaocheng up and down and, seeing that she still seemed normal, just waved her hand and hurried out.
    上下看了一眼池小橙，见其还是一副正常的模样，摆了摆手后，就着急地出门了。
Last time must have been an accident, she thought. Xiaocheng seems perfectly fine.
    上次应该是意外吧，小橙看起来还是蛮正常的。
But she didn't notice that the moment she left, the hand Chi Xiaocheng was using to hold the water bottle dropped to her side.
    可她却没注意到，离去的那一刻，池小橙拿着矿泉水瓶的小手垂了下来。
A red light glowed in her crimson eyes, and the smile on her lips slowly turned sinister.
    赤瞳散发红光，唇角的笑容也渐渐妖异。
[Host, what wicked thoughts are you having now?]
    【宿主，又有什么坏心思了？】
"System, it looks like in her heart, the male leads are much more important than I am."
    “统子，看来在她心里，几个男主的位置比我要重很多啊。”
[Isn't that obvious? She was originally straight. It's not easy to bend her. Besides, the male leads have their own halos.]
    【那不是理所当然的吗，人家本来就是直的，想掰弯可不容易，并且几个男主身上也有光环。】
"But this is all just a tragedy in the end!"
    “可这终究是一场悲剧啊！”
In the book's ending, aside from those male leads, every single female character was just a clown.
    在这本书的结局中，除了那几位男主，所有出现的女性角色，都是小丑。
And none of them met a good end.
    并且不得善终。
Including Su Tao, the chosen heroine.
    包括苏桃这位天命女主。
This was why Chi Xiaocheng had said that the heroine Su Tao would reach the peak of her life in the early and middle stages, but said nothing about the later part.
    这也是为什么池小橙说，在前中期女主苏桃会走上人生巅峰，却只字不提后期。
In her previous life, the book became popular not just because it was well-written, but because of the author's wild move in the later stages.
    前世，这本书能火，除了写得好以外，出圈的关键还是作者后期的骚操作。
As the story entered its later phase, a rich female boss appeared and gave the novel a one-million-yuan tip, demanding a side character be written in based on her own image.
    在步入后期时，书里出现了一个富婆老板，给这本小说打赏了100万软妹币要求以她的形象人设写一个配角客串。
To seize this sudden wealth and maybe even get on the rich woman's good side, the author agreed, adding a side character and writing the rest of the story according to the boss's wishes.
    作者为了接住这泼天的富贵，甚至想抱上富婆大腿，于是听从老板的话，加入了一个配角，后续内容还按照富婆的意愿去写。
In the end, this new female character rose up, took all the male leads who originally liked Su Tao for her own harem, and the entire book began to pave the way for her.
    最终，天降女配翻身，将所有原本喜欢苏桃的男主收入后宫，整本书都开始为这个天降女配铺路。
And the true heroine, Su Tao, was written as a clown, insulted by this new character, and had falling outs with all the male leads due to various plots.
    而真女主苏桃，则是被写成了小丑，被这个女配侮辱，因为各种情节与各男主决裂。
She was despised, cursed, and beaten.
    被厌恶、唾骂、殴打。
The author gave her countless moments of hope, only to follow them with despair.
    作者给了无数次希望她，接着又一次次绝望。
Finally, after falling into a deep depression, she took her own life in a tiny rented room.
    最终，患上重度抑郁后，在小小的出租屋内，自杀而死。
It was precisely because of this drastic turn that the book was furiously condemned by readers. The better the first half was, the worse the second half seemed.
    正是因为这样的大转变，整本书被读者大骂特骂，前中期写得有多好，后期就有多烂。
Eventually, it went viral, and was even a hot topic among male readers for a while.
    最终出圈，在男频都火了一阵子。
Chi Xiaocheng sat on Su Tao's bed, hugging one of her favorite cat plushies and gently playing with her own pigtail.
    池小橙坐在苏桃床上，将她喜欢的一只猫猫玩偶抱在怀中，轻轻拨弄自己的马尾辫。
"Even setting aside the original novel's plot, such moonlight-like gentleness... I really want to have it all to myself~"
    “即便抛开小说原著的剧情不谈，这样月光般的温柔，果然还是想独自占有呢~”
Chi Xiaocheng searched in the System Shop and quickly found an item she liked.
    池小橙在系统商城内搜索了一下，很快找到了一个心仪的物品。
[Energy Pill: Price 200 Emotion Points]
    【能量药丸：售价200情绪值】
[Description: A miraculous pill that can replenish a person's energy.]
    【介绍：能够对人体能量补充的神奇药丸】
"It's a bit expensive, and I don't know how effective it is, but this body of mine is too weak. If I want to pull off the plan I just came up with, I'll need this."
    “有点贵，效果也不知道怎么样，但我这具身体过于贫弱了，如果要完成这个临时想的计划，这东西缺不了啊。”
Chi Xiaocheng looked at the bottle of mineral water on the table.
    池小橙看向那瓶放在桌上的矿泉水。
"I was rejected twice."
    “被拒绝了两次呢。”
"It seems Taotao doesn't like to drink water."
    “看来桃桃不喜欢喝水。”
Chi Xiaocheng let out a soft laugh, then twisted open the cap of the water bottle and poured all of its contents down the sink.
    池小橙轻笑了一声，将矿泉水的盖子拧开，然后把里面的水全部倒进洗漱池。
She then placed the empty bottle in a prominent spot on Su Tao's desk before slowly walking out of the dorm.
    又将空瓶子放在苏桃书桌的显眼位置后，缓缓走出宿舍。
Her two pigtails swayed gently with her movements.
    两条马尾辫，顺着她的动作，轻轻摇曳。
The basketball game quickly came to an end. Ye Liang's blue team narrowly defeated Dongfang Yang's red team by three points.
    篮球场的比赛很快结束了，叶良蓝队以3分的优势，险胜东方阳所在的红队。
The match had felt like a battle for Su Tao. The loser, Dongfang Yang, looked annoyed.
    这一场比赛好似在争夺苏桃一样，败了的东方阳一脸不爽。
As the victor, Ye Liang was naturally happy to show off in front of Su Tao.
    作为胜者的叶良，自然也是开心地在苏桃面前炫耀。
And with that, he made the victor's invitation, "Su Tao, thanks for cheering me on. If it weren't for you, I definitely wouldn't have beaten this guy Dongfang Yang. How about I treat you to dinner tonight?"
    并顺势，发出胜利者的邀请，“苏桃，谢谢你的加油，要是没有你的话我肯定赢不了东方阳这家伙，今晚要不我请你吃顿饭吧？”
"Well..."
    “这......”
Su Tao hesitated, glancing over at Dongfang Yang.
    苏桃有些犹豫，看了一眼东方阳。
Normally, the three of them should have gone together.
    按理说，三人应该一起去的。
Before Ye Liang could even say anything, Dongfang Yang waved his hand in refusal. "I have something to do tonight. You two go ahead."
    都不等叶良出声，东方阳就摆手拒绝，“我今晚还有事，你们自己去吧。”
He threw his jacket over his shoulder, waved, and walked off.
    说完将外套搭在肩上，挥了挥手便扬长而去。
Ye Liang smiled triumphantly. "Su Tao, you can't refuse me this time. You said last time you'd treat me to a meal to thank me properly."
    叶良露出得意的笑容，又道，“苏桃这次你可不能拒绝我，上次你可是说了要请我吃饭好好报答我呢。”
Su Tao sighed helplessly. "Alright, but let me be clear, I don't drink, and also..."
    苏桃也是无奈地叹了口气，“好吧，但我要先声明，我不喝酒的嗷，还有......”
Before she could finish, her phone pinged. Su Tao picked it up with a puzzled look and saw it was a message from Chi Xiaocheng.
    话没说完，手机“叮咚”响了一声，苏桃拿起手机疑惑地看了一眼，发现是池小橙发来的消息。
Chi Xiaocheng: "Taotao, I have something I want to tell you. I'll be waiting for you on the dorm rooftop tonight at 9."
    池小橙：“桃桃，我有话想对你说，今晚9点，我在宿舍的天台上等你哦。”
Wiping away his sweat, Ye Liang didn't look at Su Tao as he asked, "What's wrong?"
    叶良擦着汗，没去看苏桃，询问道，“怎么了？”
Su Tao snapped back to reality, closed the chat, and put her phone away. "It's nothing. So, what are we eating tonight?"
    苏桃回神，关掉聊天框将手机收起，“没什么，今晚吃什么呀？”
Ye Liang snapped his fingers. "The weather forecast says there will be heavy rain tonight, so let's not go shopping. I know just the fun place to take you. It starts at 9, I guarantee you'll love it!"
    叶良打了个响指：“天气预报说今晚会有大雨，就不逛街了，正好带你去一个好玩的地方，9点开场，保证你喜欢！”
Just then, a flash of lightning streaked across the sky.
    恰逢此时，一道闪电从空中划过。
Followed by a roll of thunder.
    带起阵阵雷鸣。
CRACK-BOOM—
    轰隆——
The evening sunset was gradually hidden by dark clouds, which glowed a blood-like crimson.
    夕阳的黄昏渐渐被乌云遮挡，绽放如血般的殷红。 