第15章 你什么时候回来呀？
Chapter 15: When Are You Coming Back?

“苏桃，吃完饭后总感觉你心不在焉的，是有什么事情吗？”
"苏桃, you've seemed a little distracted since we finished dinner. Is something on your mind?"

夜晚8点，豆大的雨点淅沥沥地冲刷被暮色笼罩的城市，泥尘的芬芳飘荡。
At 8 PM, heavy raindrops pattered down, washing over the twilight-covered city and stirring up the fresh scent of damp earth.

苏桃和叶良站在一家商店外，天空昏暗低沉。
苏桃 and 叶良 stood outside a shop under a dark and gloomy sky.

刚吃完饭，趁着9点的活动还未开始，二人打算随便逛逛。
Having just finished their meal, they decided to wander around a bit before the event at 9 PM started.

可雨说来就来。
But the rain had started without warning.

随着雨声，叶良也很细心地发现，苏桃的兴致似乎没那么高了。
Along with the sound of the rain, the observant 叶良 noticed that 苏桃's spirits didn't seem as high as before.

一袭素白绣花礼裙的她低着头，裹着小脚的鞋尖轻点地板，也不知道在想些什么。
Dressed in a simple, white embroidered dress, she kept her head down, lightly tapping the floor with the tip of her shoe, lost in thought.

叶良将其看在眼里，又碰了下她的肩膀，“想什么呢，这么出神？”
叶良 saw this and gently touched her shoulder. "What are you thinking about? You're so lost in your own world."

“啊...哦，抱歉。”苏桃扬起笑容，“没什么，只是在想小橙的事情。”
"Ah... Oh, sorry." 苏桃 forced a smile. "It's nothing, I was just thinking about 小橙."

听到这个名字，叶良微微皱眉，“想她做什么，她和你就不是一路人，苏桃你趁早和她绝交得了，还这样维护她。”
Hearing that name, 叶良 frowned slightly. "Why are you thinking about her? You and she are not the same kind of person. 苏桃, you should just cut ties with her, instead of always defending her."

苏桃张了张嘴，想倾述内心的想法，可脑海闪过地下室的一幕又止住了想说的话。
苏桃 opened her mouth, wanting to share what was on her mind, but the image of the basement flashed in her memory, and she stopped herself.

最终缓缓问道，“叶良，在你的感觉中，小橙是什么样的人呢？”
Finally, she asked slowly, "叶良, in your opinion, what kind of person is 小橙?"

“很恶心。”
"Disgusting."

叶良毫不犹豫地回应。
叶良 replied without any hesitation.

苏桃干笑了一下，“剔除后来的刻板印象，一开始见到我和小橙的时候呢？”
苏桃 gave a dry laugh. "Putting aside your later impressions, what about when you first met 小橙 and me?"

叶良不解地看了眼苏桃。
叶良 looked at 苏桃, confused.

思绪却还是随着她的话回到了几个月前的暑假。
But her words still sent his thoughts back to the summer vacation a few months ago.

他和苏桃的初见，是在一家服装店内。
His first meeting with 苏桃 had been in a clothing store.

他为了逃避另一个家族相亲的女人，躲到了服装店的换衣间，好巧不巧苏桃从里面出来。
He had been hiding in the store's fitting room to escape a woman from another blind date arranged by his family, and as luck would have it, 苏桃 walked out.

换了一条打算买的素白长裙。
She had just changed into a simple, white long dress that she was planning to buy.

犹如纯白的仙子，不由自主吸引住了人的目光。
She looked like a pure white fairy, unintentionally capturing everyone's attention.

二人打了个照面后。
After their eyes met,

相亲的那个女人前来质问。
the woman from the blind date came over to question him.

他命令式地让苏桃不要出卖他的位置，完事了可以给10万软妹币。
He had ordered 苏桃 not to reveal where he was, promising to give her 100,000 RMB afterward.

尽管苏桃在掩饰，他还是被发现了。
Even though 苏桃 tried to cover for him, he was still found.

面对质问，他只好硬着头皮说苏桃是他的女朋友。
Faced with the questions, he had no choice but to brace himself and say that 苏桃 was his girlfriend.

结果就是，苏桃不仅承认了，还大方地回怼了那个不要脸的相亲女。
The result was that 苏桃 not only confirmed it but also confidently stood up to the shameless woman from the blind date.

作为家族中强势无比的大少爷，第一次藏在一个女孩的后面。
As the powerful and assertive young master of his family, it was the first time he had hidden behind a girl.

被温柔地报以微笑。
To be met with a gentle smile.

被安心的眼神注视。
To be watched with reassuring eyes.

被保护。
To be protected.

事后，因为多耽搁了苏桃，叶良开口就是补偿100万。
Afterward, because he had delayed 苏桃, 叶良 offered her a compensation of 1 million.

普通人面对这样的巨款，早已激动得说不出话。
Any normal person faced with such a huge amount of money would have been too excited to speak.

可苏桃却是平静地拒绝。
But 苏桃 calmly refused.

并耐心安慰说着“她只不过是举手之劳”这样的话。
And she patiently reassured him, saying things like, "It was just a small favor."

兴许是有女主光环的加持，各种被拒绝之后，叶良不由觉得苏桃很有趣。
Perhaps it was because of her main character-like charm, but after being rejected in various ways, 叶良 couldn't help but find 苏桃 very interesting.

自然，颜值也是很重要的一点。
Of course, her looks were also a very important factor.

于是他和苏桃的故事就这样展开了。
And so, his story with 苏桃 began.

至于池小橙
As for 池小橙...

叶良按着下巴，又认真回忆了一遍，这才想起，苏桃的旁边，还有一只小到几乎可以让人无视的家伙。
叶良 touched his chin and thought back carefully. Only then did he remember that next to 苏桃, there had been a tiny person who was almost unnoticeable.

“当时好像化妆没现在那么离谱，只是涂了点淡妆？”叶良一副苦思冥想的模样，“印象没多少了，总之很恶心。”
"I think her makeup wasn't as ridiculous back then, just some light makeup?" 叶良 said, looking like he was trying hard to remember. "I don't have much of an impression, but anyway, she's disgusting."

苏桃抬头望着乌云密布的天空，叹气道，“其实小橙一开始不是这样的，她...认识了一些不好的朋友，就被带坏了。”
苏桃 looked up at the overcast sky and sighed, "Actually, 小橙 wasn't like this in the beginning. She...met some bad friends and was led astray."

说着，苏桃回忆起了刚上高中的时候，噗嗤一下没忍住笑了出来，“以前的小橙很单纯，而且不化妆的小橙其实蛮可爱的。”
As she spoke, 苏桃 recalled the beginning of high school and couldn't help but let out a small laugh. "The old 小橙 was very innocent, and without makeup, she was actually quite cute."

叶良又奇怪地看了眼苏桃。
叶良 gave 苏桃 another strange look.

不明白苏桃为什么会聊起那个人。
He couldn't understand why 苏桃 would bring her up.

化妆都那么丑了。
She was already so ugly with makeup.

他想象不出池小橙不化妆的样子。
He couldn't imagine what 池小橙 would look like without it.

于是强势地对苏桃说道，“总之，我可以听你的不去找池小橙的麻烦，但你也要听我的，不许再和她有所往来了。”
So, he said to 苏桃 in a firm tone, "Anyway, I can listen to you and not cause trouble for 池小橙, but you also have to listen to me. You are not allowed to have any contact with her anymore."

苏桃张了张嘴。
苏桃 opened her mouth.

低下脑袋。
She lowered her head.

没有点头，也没有摇头。
She didn't nod, nor did she shake her head.

叶良见状，不喜地拉长了鼻音，“嗯？”
Seeing this, 叶良 made a displeased sound through his nose, "Hm?"

苏桃听到声音缩了缩脖子，“我其实还想再试试，小橙只是被人带坏的，她本性其实是善良的，如果可以我不想放弃她这个朋友。”
Hearing the sound, 苏桃 shrank back slightly. "I actually want to try again. 小橙 was just led astray by others. She's kind-hearted by nature. If I can, I don't want to give up on her as a friend."

“她都那样对你了，绑架你啊，如果不是我及时到来可能你就出事了，为什么还要对她抱有期望呢？！”
"She treated you like that, she kidnapped you! If I hadn't arrived in time, something terrible could have happened to you. Why do you still have hope for her?!"

叶良完全想不通苏桃的脑回路。
叶良 couldn't understand 苏桃's way of thinking at all.

但他也很无奈。
But he also felt helpless.

因为喜欢，所以他不想对苏桃动粗，更不想强硬地让她必须去做某种事情。
Because he liked her, he didn't want to be rough with 苏桃, and he certainly didn't want to force her to do something against her will.

苏桃见叶良似乎要生气，弱弱地解释道，“我是个孤儿，从小学认识小橙开始，我们就在一起了，是她陪伴我整个童年，像一个懂事的妹妹，第一次让我有了一种家的感觉。”
Seeing that 叶良 seemed to be getting angry, 苏桃 weakly explained, "I'm an orphan. I've known 小橙 since elementary school. We were always together. She was with me my whole childhood, like a sensible little sister. For the first time, she made me feel like I had a home."

“所以我想...再试试。”
"So I want to... try again."

叶良伸出大手，想说些什么。
叶良 reached out his hand, wanting to say something.

最后又重重垂下。
But in the end, it dropped heavily to his side.

烦躁地挠了挠头。
He scratched his head in frustration.

“人是会变的啊！”他说了一句，不想聊索性直接转移话题，“算了，不聊那个晦气的家伙，虽然9点活动才开场，我们先过去吧。”
"People change!" he said. Not wanting to talk about it anymore, he changed the subject. "Forget it. Let's not talk about that jinx. The event doesn't start until 9, but let's head over there now."

说罢，直接命令苏桃上车，朝着九州市的海滩驶去。
With that, he ordered 苏桃 into the car, and they drove towards the beach in Kyushu City.

叶良一边开车，一边跟苏桃说道，“这次的活动，是我们一众家族在一座大游轮举办的，你这一套礼服穿过去，绝对会惊艳四座！”
As he drove, 叶良 said to 苏桃, "This event is being held on a large cruise ship by a group of our families. When you show up in that dress, you'll definitely amaze everyone!"

“而且我家里人也会去，苏桃你知道这代表着什么吗？”
"And my family will be there too. 苏桃, do you know what that means?"

叶良侃侃而谈，可侧目时却发现，苏桃低头看着手机，“你有听我说话吗？”
叶良 talked on and on, but when he glanced over, he saw 苏桃 looking down at her phone. "Are you listening to me?"

“啊？”苏桃立马回神，讪讪笑道，“那个，你再说一下？”
"Huh?" 苏桃 quickly looked up and said with an awkward smile, "Um, could you say that again?"

耳边又响起叶良的声音，可思绪，却依旧在手机上。
叶良's voice sounded in her ear again, but her thoughts were still on her phone.

上面是池小橙刚刚发来的一条消息。
On the screen was a message that 池小橙 had just sent.

“桃桃，差不多要9点了哦，你在宿舍吗，我去找你吧。”
"Tao Tao, it's almost 9 o'clock. Are you in your dorm? I'll come find you."

9点自己要去陪叶良参加聚会啊。
I have to go to the party with 叶良 at 9.

也不知道小橙是有什么话要跟我说。
I wonder what 小橙 wants to tell me.

只是说说的话，手机里聊也可以的吧？
If it's just talking, we can do it over the phone, right?

苏桃想了想，敲字回复道，“小橙是有什么事情吗，我9点还回不去呢。”
After a moment of thought, 苏桃 typed her reply, "小橙, is something wrong? I can't make it back by 9."

池小橙的消息秒回：“需要当面说才行呢，桃桃能回来吗？”
池小橙's message came back instantly: "We need to talk in person. Can you come back, Tao Tao?"

“抱歉啊。”苏桃发了一个求饶的可爱小表情，“我还在外面和别人逛街，没那么快。”
"I'm sorry." 苏桃 sent a cute emoji that looked like it was begging. "I'm still out shopping with someone, so I won't be back that soon."

轰隆——
BOOM—

一声雷鸣在此时响起。
A clap of thunder echoed at that moment.

雨更大了。
The rain grew heavier.

这话发出去，苏桃就后悔了。
As soon as she sent the message, 苏桃 regretted it.

这情况看起来是要下暴雨了，找的理由差到了极点。
It looked like a storm was coming; her excuse was terrible.

可她又不敢说是跟叶良在一起，怕刺激到池小橙。
But she didn't dare say she was with 叶良, afraid of upsetting 池小橙.

好在，池小橙的回复让她松了一口气，“那你会赴约吗？”
Fortunately, 池小橙's reply let her breathe a sigh of relief, "So, you'll still come, right?"

“嗯嗯，我会尽快回来的！”
"Mhm, I'll be back as soon as I can!"

苏桃放下手机，脸上露出了一丝轻松的表情。
苏桃 put down her phone, a relaxed expression on her face.

这是一个好兆头。
This was a good sign.

只要小橙还愿意和自己交流，那么就一定有机会恢复我们曾经的朋友关系。
As long as 小橙 was still willing to talk to her, there was a chance to restore their old friendship.

脑袋抬起，苏桃拨弄了一下秀发，却恰好对上了叶良那不满的双眼。
Lifting her head, 苏桃 brushed her hair back, only to meet 叶良's displeased eyes.

苏姚干笑了一下，“我不看手机了，这就静音。”
苏桃 gave a dry laugh. "I'm putting my phone away. I'll silence it now."

她将手机声音关闭，放在了包里。
She silenced her phone and put it in her bag.

却没注意到，池小橙发来的下一条消息。
But she didn't notice the next message from 池小橙.

“桃桃，那我在天台上等你哦，你什么时候回来呀？”
"Tao Tao, I'll wait for you on the rooftop, okay? When are you coming back?"

十分钟后：“桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？”
Ten minutes later: "Tao Tao, when are you coming back?"

十五分钟后：“桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？”
Fifteen minutes later: "Tao Tao, when are you coming back?"

二十分钟后：“桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？”
Twenty minutes later: "Tao Tao, when are you coming back?"

雨，越下越大。
The rain fell harder and harder.

“桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？”
"Tao Tao, when are you coming back?"

</rewritten_file>