第16章 她的偏执
Chapter 16: Her Obsession
电闪雷鸣，雨幕不断。
Lightning flashed and thunder roared as rain poured down in a ceaseless curtain.
游轮内部与外面恶劣的天气成反比，诸多俊男靓女其乐融融。
Inside the cruise ship, in stark contrast to the harsh weather, handsome men and beautiful women mingled cheerfully.
9点钟一到，该进场的宾客都已经进场。
By nine o'clock, all the expected guests had arrived.
压轴登场的，自然苏桃和叶良。
Making the final grand entrance were, of course, 苏桃 and 叶良.
能成为诸多男主的白月光，剧情中力压无数反派炮灰与各派大小姐的存在，苏桃颜值自然没得说。
As someone who could capture the hearts of so many male leads, a presence in the story who outshone countless villains and young ladies from powerful families, 苏桃's beauty was undeniable.
她就站在那里，清秀俏丽的面容在灯光下显得格外温婉。
She just stood there, her delicate and pretty face looking especially gentle under the lights.
白色长裙礼服贴合纤细的腰肢，将那盈盈一握的曲线勾勒得淋漓尽致，领口微微敞开，露出她锁骨处优美的弧线，肌肤细滑如缎，透着淡淡的光泽。
Her white evening gown clung to her slender waist, perfectly outlining her delicate curves. The slightly open neckline revealed the elegant line of her collarbone, her skin as smooth as satin with a faint glow.
如丝绸般柔顺的黑发垂落肩头，几缕碎发扫过耳侧，显得格外温柔。
Her silky black hair fell over her shoulders, with a few stray strands brushing against her ear, giving her an especially soft look.
像夜空中的一抹淡月光，宁静中带着一丝神秘，又如清晨初露的白莲，纯净而不染尘埃。
She was like a soft moonbeam in the night sky, serene with a touch of mystery, and like a white lotus at dawn, pure and untouched by the world.
而叶良，挺像个人的。
And 叶良, well, he looked quite the part.
好似宣布苏桃的归属就是他，散发生人莫近的霸总气质。
He carried himself as if to declare that 苏桃 belonged to him, radiating the aloof aura of a dominant CEO.
然而大多数人还是将视线投在了苏桃身上。
However, most people's eyes were still fixed on 苏桃.
她就是谣传得很厉害的那个，叶少爷的假女友？
Was she the one from all the rumors, Young Master Ye's fake girlfriend?
在座的诸多女生，哪个不是大家族娇生惯养的大小姐。
Among the young women present, nearly all were pampered young ladies from wealthy families.
颜值身材自然不差，只是比起苏桃，好似都稍逊一筹。
Their looks and figures were certainly not bad, but compared to 苏桃, they all seemed to fall a little short.
有一些善妒的女生很快就不屑地撇嘴了，"男女对象参加晚宴，连挽手都没有，弄虚作假。"
A few of the more jealous girls quickly curled their lips in disdain. "They come to a banquet as a couple but don't even link arms. It's so obviously fake."
东方阳恰巧就在这个女生旁边品着小酒，嗤笑道，"你别看叶良一副胸有成竹的模样，他怕不是都没牵过苏桃的手。"
东方阳 happened to be sipping wine next to this girl and chuckled, "Don't be fooled by 叶良's confident act. I bet he hasn't even held 苏桃's hand."
女生好奇地看向东方阳，"你怎么知道？"
The girl looked at 东方阳 curiously. "How do you know?"
我是竞争对手，能不知道吗？
I'm his rival. How could I not know?
当初，他与叶良、司辰三人竞争，谁也拗不过谁。
Back then, he, 叶良, and 司辰 were all competing, and none of them could get the upper hand.
终究是追一个女孩子，犯不着让三大家族打起来。
In the end, it was just about pursuing a girl; it wasn't worth letting their three powerful families start a war.
于是做出约定，谁也不能强迫苏桃，除非苏桃自愿，否则更不能碰她，牵手也在内！
So they made a pact: no one could force 苏桃 to do anything. Unless she was willing, they couldn't even touch her, and that included holding hands!
而后展开公平竞争。
And so, they began their fair competition.
他东方阳是少爷，叶良是总裁，司辰身份亦是不低，每个人都有自己的傲骨，想着追一个平民小女生不是简简单单？
He, 东方阳, was a young master; 叶良 was a CEO; and 司辰's status was also high. Each of them had their pride, thinking that winning over a common girl would be simple, right?
结果就是带着自己的这份骄傲。
The result was that they held onto that pride of theirs.
追了苏桃三个月。
And pursued 苏桃 for three months.
别说什么抚摸脸颊相互拥抱了。
Forget about caressing her cheek or hugging.
正经的牵手都没试过一次！
They hadn't even properly held her hand once!
善妒的女生看着和叶良始终隔了一寸距离的苏桃，冷笑了一声，"什么叶家大少爷，不也是个舔狗。"
The jealous girl watched 苏桃, who kept a slight distance from 叶良, and sneered, "Young Master of the Ye family? So what? He's just another desperate admirer."
东方阳："......"
东方阳 was speechless.
为什么感觉自己也挨骂了。
Why did it feel like he was just insulted too?
这时，又有一个女生举着一只酒杯走来，红色的礼裙款款，"哟，东方少爷怎么独自饮酒，找不到女伴？"
Just then, another girl in a flowing red dress walked over, holding a glass of wine. "Well, well, Young Master 东方, drinking all alone? Couldn't find a date?"
见来的是自己熟悉的人，东方阳轻轻碰了一下杯，"钱清你不也是一个人吗，我不缺女人，只是懒得找而已。"
Seeing it was someone he knew, 东方阳 lightly clinked his glass against hers. "钱清, aren't you here alone too? It's not that I can't find a woman, I just can't be bothered to look."
钱清多看了一眼苏桃，一副我懂的模样，"我只懂你们三个大少爷的约定，不过在我看来就是太较真了，追女孩子又不一定是要正面去追，大把方式可以尝试嘛。"
钱清 glanced over at 苏桃 with an all-knowing look. "I know all about the pact between you three young masters. But if you ask me, you're all being too serious. There's more than one way to win a girl over, you know."
"而且啊，你家里人也看不上她吧，为了她参加宴会连女伴都不找一个，这也太掉价了。"
"Besides, your family doesn't approve of her, right? Coming to a banquet without a date just for her sake... it really lowers your status."
说完，钱清抿了一口小酒，就这样坐在了东方阳身边。
After speaking, 钱清 took a sip of her wine and sat down right next to 东方阳.
只是视线盯着苏桃，依旧一副不爽的模样。
But her gaze remained fixed on 苏桃, her expression still one of displeasure.
倒是东方阳，心中有些微微动容。
As for 东方阳, he was surprisingly a little moved.
女人他当然不缺，一句话大把家族的漂亮大小姐想和他联姻。
Of course, he wasn't short on women. With a single word, plenty of beautiful young ladies from powerful families would line up to marry him.
只是他不喜欢那种女人，无非就是看上自己的钱和家族势力。
But he didn't like those kinds of women; they were only interested in his money and family influence.
即便是那又蠢又呆的池小橙，都比那些女人有特点。
Even that foolish and dorky 池小橙 was more interesting than those women.
颜值也不差。
Her looks weren't bad either.
就是矮了点。
She was just a little short.
"算了，想她干什么呢。"
"Forget it, why am I even thinking about her?"
东方阳摇了摇头，看着苏桃的背影，将杯中酒一口闷下。
东方阳 shook his head, gazed at 苏桃's back, and downed the wine in his glass in one gulp.
而女主，在应酬完众多搭讪的人后，趁着叶良和别人聊天，终于是能坐到一边放松。
Meanwhile, the female lead, after dealing with numerous people trying to chat her up, finally found a moment to sit down and relax while 叶良 was talking to someone else.
虽然现在只是交友阶段，活动还未正式开始，叶良也保证说之后会玩得很开心。
Although this was just the social part of the evening and the main event hadn't started, and even though 叶良 had promised she would have a great time later...
但这样的场合，还是不适合自己啊。
...this kind of event just wasn't for her.
每个人嘴角都挂着虚假的笑容。
Everyone wore a fake smile.
眼神满是算计。
Their eyes were full of calculation.
相敬中的谈吐，显得优雅又虚伪。
Their polite conversations seemed elegant yet insincere.
不同的人因为不同的身份，或自满，或恭维，或委曲求全。
People acted differently based on their status—some were arrogant, some were flattering, and some were just trying to get by.
她只感觉自己像一叶扁舟，随波逐流。
She felt like a small boat, adrift on the waves.
拿起手机看了眼时间，她才发现，不知不觉已经要9点半了。
She picked up her phone to check the time and realized it was already almost 9:30.
主屏幕上，还有着池小橙四分钟前发来的消息："桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？"
On her home screen, there was a message from 池小橙 sent four minutes ago: "桃桃, when are you coming back?"
苏桃抿嘴笑了笑，又回忆起了小学和初中时跟池小橙相依为命的时光。
苏桃 smiled and recalled the times in elementary and middle school when she and 池小橙 had relied on each other.
"等一会儿回去了，一定要和小橙好好聊聊，尽早解除这段时间产生的误会，然后我们的关系一定能恢复和从前一样！"
"When I get back later, I must have a good talk with 小橙 and clear up the recent misunderstandings. Then our relationship can go back to how it was before!"
"不过回去的话，估计得11点吧？"
"But I probably won't be back until around 11, right?"
她滑动屏幕，解锁手机。
She swiped the screen to unlock her phone.
正想着给池小橙回个消息，结果却注意到，微信那里池小橙一栏的红点，竟是显示几十条消息！
Just as she was about to reply to 池小橙, she noticed the red notification dot on WeChat—it showed dozens of messages from her!
小橙到底发了什么给我。
What on earth did 小橙 send me?
怎么这么多？
Why are there so many?
她点进聊天页面，"唰"地一下站了起来。
She tapped into the chat and shot up to her feet.
一个不注意，碰倒了旁边的一个酒杯。
In her haste, she knocked over a nearby wine glass.
"砰"的一声脆响，吸引了大部分宾客的目光。
The sharp "crash" drew the attention of most of the guests.
但苏桃的视线却紧紧盯着手机，丝毫没注意到外界。
But 苏桃's eyes were glued to her phone, completely unaware of her surroundings.
指尖下滑屏幕，从8点左右开始，每隔5分钟，池小橙就会发来这样一条消息。
Her finger slid down the screen. Starting from around 8 o'clock, every five minutes, 池小橙 had sent the same message.
—桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？
—桃桃, when are you coming back?
犹如午夜凶铃的恶作剧信息，让苏桃毛骨悚然。
Like a prank call from a horror movie, the messages sent a chill down 苏桃's spine.
上一条消息是9点30分整发出来的。
The last message was sent at exactly 9:30.
而下一秒，9点35分一到，立刻又是一条新消息发了过来，"桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？"
And a second later, as soon as it turned 9:35, another new message arrived, "桃桃, when are you coming back?"
莫名的，苏桃想到了池小橙地下室时那奇怪的状态。
For some reason, 苏桃 remembered 池小橙's strange state in the basement.
她身子僵在原地，嘴唇有些干。
Her body froze, her lips feeling dry.
直至旁边传来一道询问，"小姐，请抬一下脚，小心伤到。"
Until a voice next to her said, "Miss, please lift your foot, be careful not to get hurt."
服务生不知什么时候来到了她的脚下，正小心翼翼地清理玻璃碎片。
A waiter had appeared at her feet at some point and was carefully cleaning up the broken glass.
苏桃呆呆地挪到一边，又赶紧看向手机。
苏桃 numbly moved aside and quickly looked back at her phone.
心中产生一个念头。
A thought popped into her head.
没准，没准这是小橙设置的自动发消息功能！
Maybe, just maybe, 小橙 had set up an automatic messaging feature!
不过微信有这个功能吗？
But does WeChat even have that function?
她想不到，但还是颤抖着指尖输入了一行字。
She couldn't think of one, but her fingers trembled as she typed a line of text.
"小橙，你没事吧？"
"小橙, are you okay?"
下一秒，池小橙的消息发来了。
The next second, a message from 池小橙 came through.
"桃桃你终于回我消息了，我当然没事呀！"
"桃桃, you finally replied! Of course I'm okay!"
"呼——"
"Phew—"
苏桃松了一口气，没准是网络卡了。
苏桃 let out a sigh of relief. Maybe it was just a network lag.
"我一直在等你呢，桃桃你什么时候回来呀？"
"I've been waiting for you. 桃桃, when are you coming back?"
少女顾不得垂到侧脸的一抹调皮发梢，连忙打字道，"我没那么快回来，小橙你还在我宿舍吗，要不你先回去吧，喝口水睡个觉，有什么事情我们明天再说好吗？"
Pushing aside a stray strand of hair, she quickly typed, "I won't be back for a while. 小橙, are you still in my dorm? Why don't you go home first? Get some water, go to sleep, and we can talk about whatever it is tomorrow, okay?"
字里行间，她隐隐感觉到池小橙的情绪有些不对。
Between the lines, she could sense that something was off with 池小橙's mood.
正想着怎么旁敲侧击，又见到池小橙奇怪的回复。
Just as she was thinking about how to gently probe, she saw another strange reply from 池小橙.
"喝水？可这里全是水，喝不完呀。"
"Get water? But it's all water here, I can't drink it all."
这句话是什么意思？
What did that sentence mean?
苏桃没看懂，可外面一声惊雷响起，大雨就拍打在自己不远处的窗户。
苏桃 didn't understand. But then a loud clap of thunder echoed from outside, and heavy rain lashed against a nearby window.
她猛地想到了一种可能。
A possibility suddenly struck her.
"小橙，你在哪等的我？"
"小橙, where are you waiting for me?"
"天台呀，我们不是约好了吗，9点钟我在天台等你。"
"On the rooftop. Didn't we agree? I'll wait for you on the rooftop at 9."
又是一串字，如催命符一般。
Another string of words, like a death warrant.
"所以桃桃，你什么时候回来呀？"
"So, 桃桃, when are you coming back?" 