第17章 难道我还没池小橙重要吗！（谢谢人无完人的狄修打赏）
Chapter 17: Am I less important than 池小橙?! (Thanks to 人无完人的狄修 for the gift!)
    不对不对不对不对！
    No, no, no, no!
    苏桃呼吸都急促了起来，死死地盯着微信上新发来的消息。
    苏桃's breathing grew rapid, her eyes fixed on the new message on WeChat.
    在天台等自己？
    Waiting for me on the rooftop?
    那么大的风和雨！
    In such strong wind and heavy rain!
    她更希望这是池小橙的恶作剧。
    She wished it was just one of 池小橙's pranks.
    这样的天气，以池小橙那虚弱的身体淋雨那么久，她都不敢想会怎么样！
    In weather like this, she couldn't even imagine what would happen to 池小橙's frail body after being soaked in the rain for so long!
    这时，叶良走了过来，注意到了苏桃不对劲的神色，关心问道，"怎么了吗？"
    Just then, 叶良 walked over, noticed 苏桃's worried expression, and asked with concern, "Is something wrong?"
    苏桃看了一眼他，颤颤的薄唇找了个借口，"小橙在外面被雨淋了回不去，想让我送伞来着。"
    苏桃 glanced at him and, with trembling lips, made an excuse, "小橙 is stuck outside in the rain and can't get back. She wants me to bring her an umbrella."
    叶良呵了一声，"还是让她躲到雨停吧，外面这么大的风雨，别说是人了，就算是车都很难开，你过去送伞？"
    叶良 scoffed. "She should just wait for the rain to stop. With this storm, even cars can barely move, let alone people. You're going to take her an umbrella?"
    他看了眼苏桃那藏在裙下的纤细身子，"别说是伞了，连你都得被吹走。"
    He glanced at 苏桃's slender frame hidden under her dress. "Forget the umbrella, the wind would probably blow you away too."
    说罢又耸耸肩，"还是让那家伙自生自灭吧，活动准备要开始了，我们也进去吧？"
    Then he shrugged. "Just let her figure it out herself. The event is about to start, shouldn't we go inside?"
    "你...你等我一下。"苏桃还是放心不下，拿着手机到了一边，"我去打个电话。"
    "You... you wait for me a moment." Still worried, 苏桃 stepped aside with her phone. "I'm going to make a call."
    说罢，直接拨通了池小橙的微信电话。
    With that, she immediately called 池小橙 on WeChat.
    还没听到池小橙的声音。
    Before she could hear 池小橙's voice,
    入耳即是呼啸的狂风和不断拍打的雨点。
    her ears were filled with the sound of howling wind and pounding rain.
    阵阵惊雷的响起让苏桃意识到，池小橙绝不在室内。
    The roll of thunder made 苏桃 realize that 池小橙 was definitely not indoors.
    在天台！
    She was on the rooftop!
    苏桃慌了，焦急地开口道，"小橙！小橙你能听到我说话吗？"
    Panic set in. 苏桃 spoke anxiously, "小橙! 小橙, can you hear me?"
    而另一边，正在天台一处挡雨板下的池小橙听到苏桃焦急的声音，心中不由感叹。
    Meanwhile, 池小橙, huddled under a small shelter on the rooftop, heard 苏桃's frantic voice and sighed to herself.
    这就是万人迷的女主啊。
    This was the heroine everyone adored.
    即便自己是炮灰女配。
    Even though she was just the disposable side character.
    即便自己对她做了很多过分的事情。
    Even though she had done so many terrible things to her.
    依旧会包容自己，并毫不犹豫地投来关心与信任。
    She would still forgive her and show her care and trust without a second thought.
    前世被女友背叛过两次的池小橙，很喜欢这种如暴雨般倾泻的关心。
    Having been betrayed by girlfriends twice in her past life, 池小橙 cherished this kind of overwhelming, storm-like concern.
    她演技持续开启，声线平淡得听不出情感，"我能听到桃桃的声音，怎么了吗？"
    She kept her act up, her voice flat and emotionless. "I can hear your voice, 桃桃. What is it?"
    游轮的大厅，苏桃松了一口气的同时，着急道，"小橙，我回来不了那么快的，你先下去好吗，天台风大，雨大，很危险的！"
    In the cruise ship's main hall, 苏桃 let out a sigh of relief, but her voice was still urgent. "小橙, I can't come back that quickly. Can you please go downstairs first? The wind and rain on the rooftop are really dangerous!"
    然而池小橙似乎只听到了她这句话的重点，"下去？"
    But 池小橙 seemed to only focus on one part of her sentence. "Go downstairs?"
    "是啊。"苏桃没听出来池小橙的言外之意，也意识到自己情绪不对，声音变得温和了一些，"你先下去，回自己宿舍洗个热水澡休息一下，有什么事情等我回来再说好吗，我这边11点应该就能回去了。"
    "Yes." 苏桃 didn't catch 池小橙's hidden meaning and realized her tone was too harsh, so she softened her voice. "Go downstairs first, head back to your dorm, take a hot shower, and get some rest. We can talk about whatever you want when I get back, okay? I should be able to leave here around eleven."
    "可是说好了的，我要等你，约好了不是吗？"
    "But we made a promise. I said I would wait for you, didn't I?"
    她哪能不知道，池小橙是又进入了地下室时的奇怪状态。
    How could she not know? 池小橙 was slipping back into that strange state from the basement.
    顾不得去思考这是她的本性，还是说这样的状态是临时的，是一种病。
    She didn't have time to wonder if this was her true nature or just a temporary condition, a kind of illness.
    苏桃尽量让自己的语气不那么急促，劝解道，"只是聊天而已，在哪里都一样的，等我回去，小橙你有什么话我都会仔细听的，我们到时候再好好聊聊。"
    苏桃 tried to keep her voice calm and coaxing. "It's just a chat, we can do it anywhere. When I get back, I'll listen carefully to everything you want to say, 小橙. We'll have a proper talk then."
    "那聊什么呢？"池小橙又问。
    "What will we talk about then?" 池小橙 asked again.
    苏桃咬了咬下唇，偷看一眼不远处的叶良后，压着声音道，"就聊...小橙你喜欢我的这件事，我也有许多话想对你说的，所以听话，先回去等我。"
    苏桃 bit her lower lip, glanced at 叶良 in the distance, and lowered her voice. "We'll talk about... the fact that you like me, 小橙. I have a lot I want to say to you, too. So please, be good and go back and wait for me."
    "那我在这里等你也一样的，毕竟约好了。"
    "It's the same if I wait for you here. We made a promise, after all."
    雨那么大呢，哪里一样了！
    The rain is so heavy, how is that the same!
    软的不行，苏桃也只能来硬的。
    The soft approach wasn't working, so 苏桃 had to be firm.
    于是她对池小橙说道，"小橙听话，先下去，你要是不听话，那我可就不回来了，也不会和你聊天了。"
    So she told 池小橙, "Be good, 小橙, and go downstairs. If you don't listen, then I won't come back at all, and I won't talk to you either."
    小的时候就是。
    It was just like when they were kids.
    只要她摆出这样要生气的样子。
    Whenever she pretended to be angry like this,
    再怎么闹的池小橙，都会乖乖地听话。
    no matter how much of a tantrum 池小橙 was throwing, she would always obediently listen.
    她偶尔会调皮，大部分时间都很懂事。
    She could be mischievous sometimes, but most of the time she was very sensible.
    这次也一样。
    It would be the same this time.
    池小橙听到苏桃严肃的声音，又和以前一样声音软了下来，还有点委屈，"那好吧，我听你的话。"
    Hearing 苏桃's stern voice, 池小橙's tone softened, just like it used to, and she sounded a little hurt. "Okay then, I'll listen to you."
    "嗯嗯，我保证很快回来！"
    "Okay, good. I promise I'll be back soon!"
    到这里，苏桃总算是松了一口气。
    At this, 苏桃 finally breathed a sigh of relief.
    这两个月一直和池小橙起冲突，她都没办法接近对方。
    She had been clashing with 池小橙 for the past two months and couldn't get close to her.
    也不知道发生了什么事情。
    She didn't know what had happened.
    一定是她那群所谓的姐妹，把小橙带坏了！
    It must have been that group of so-called friends of hers; they had led 小橙 astray!
    等宴会回去，就能好好地和小橙聊一聊了。
    Once she got back from the banquet, she could finally have a proper talk with 小橙.
    如是想着，微信通话里除了雨声，又多了池小橙的声音，"我下去的话，桃桃一定会回来吗？"
    As she was thinking this, 池小橙's voice came through the call again, over the sound of the rain. "If I go downstairs, will you really come back, 桃桃?"
    "乖。"苏桃语气再度温柔，"我不会骗小橙的，放心吧。"
    "Be good." 苏桃's voice became gentle again. "I won't lie to you, 小橙, don't worry."
    "好！"
    "Okay!"
    池小橙声音雀跃了一分。
    池小橙's voice sounded a little brighter.
    聊天似乎就到此结束，但微信电话并没有挂断，苏桃想确认一下声音，确认雨声变小，池小橙乖乖回到宿舍里。
    The conversation seemed to be over, but the call hadn't disconnected. 苏桃 wanted to keep listening to make sure the sound of the rain faded, confirming that 池小橙 had gone back to her dorm.
    可听着听着，她发现雨声怎么也没有变小。
    But as she listened, she realized the sound of the rain wasn't getting any quieter.
    丝毫没有回到室内的样子。
    It didn't sound like she had gone indoors at all.
    好一会儿。
    After a moment,
    电话里的声音终于变了，多了池小橙毫无情感的柔软声音，"下去，桃桃就会回来。"
    the voice on the phone finally changed. It was 池小橙's soft, emotionless voice. "Go down, and 桃桃 will come back."
    "14楼，有点高呢。"
    "The 14th floor... that's a bit high."
    苏桃闻言，愣了一下。
    Hearing this, 苏桃 froze.
    "小橙！"
    "小橙!"
    她后知后觉，毫无形象地大声喊了一句。
    A moment too late, she shouted, losing all composure.
    "嘟、嘟、嘟——"
    "Beep, beep, beep—"
    电话，已然挂断。
    The call had been disconnected.
    她手忙脚乱地重新拨打，却怎么也拨不通。
    She fumbled to call back, but it wouldn't go through.
    "苏桃，电话打完没有，活动要开始了，我们要往游轮里面的展厅去了。"
    "苏桃, are you done with your call? The event is starting, we need to head to the exhibition hall inside the ship."
    这时，叶良从旁边走来，却见苏桃手忙脚乱，脸上表情焦急无比。
    Just then, 叶良 walked over and saw 苏桃 fumbling with her phone, a look of pure panic on her face.
    怎么也无法拨通池小橙的微信电话，就连打手机号也是消息提示已关机，她失了分寸。
    She couldn't reach 池小橙 on WeChat, and calling her phone number only gave a "switched off" message. She lost her cool.
    甚至想象到了池小橙和手机一同从14楼摔下。
    She even imagined 池小橙 falling from the 14th floor, her phone with her.
    手机碎了稀巴烂。
    The phone smashed to pieces.
    人也
    And her body...
    She didn't dare to think further. She quickly turned to 叶良 and said, "叶良, I... I have to go back to school. I'm not going to the banquet. Can you take me back?"
    叶良皱眉，从车上开始积攒的一点点不满终于浮现在了脸上，"苏桃你说什么呢，这次宴会对我至关重要，为了你我甚至连家里人都邀请来了，这正式的活动都准备开始了，你还回去干嘛？"
    叶良 frowned, the irritation that had been building since the car ride finally showing on his face. "What are you talking about, 苏桃? This banquet is crucial for me. I even invited my family for you. The main event is about to start, and you want to go back now? For what?"
    "小橙有危险，我必须回去！"
    "小橙 is in danger, I have to go back!"
    苏桃也知道现在不是说大话解释的时候，只是很干脆地说出了直接目的。
    苏桃 knew this was no time for long explanations. She just stated her purpose directly.
    这里开车回学校都要半个小时。
    It was a half-hour drive back to the school from here.
    她需要帮助！
    She needed help!
    但——
    But—
    叶良不高兴了。
    叶良 was not happy.
    他本来就不喜欢池小橙，早先被她烦得要死，喜欢的女生又被绑架到地下室，害得他上一次宴会名声扫地不说，还差点让苏桃受伤。
    He already disliked 池小橙. She had annoyed him to no end before, and then she had gotten the girl he liked kidnapped and taken to a basement, which not only ruined his reputation at the last banquet but also nearly got 苏桃 hurt.
    现在没事了又跳出来。
    And now, she was causing trouble again.
    他拳头不由自主地攥紧，高傲地抬起头颅，面色铁青，"池小橙池小橙，又是池小橙，她都那样对你了你还关心她做什么！"
    His fists clenched unconsciously. He raised his head proudly, his face dark. "池小橙, 池小橙, it's always 池小橙! After everything she's done to you, why do you still care about her?!"
    一如既往的厉色、强势、不容拒绝。
    His tone was as harsh, forceful, and demanding as ever.
    大家族培养的总裁、少爷，长年处在上位者的气势顷刻间爆发，他就如外面的惊雷，汹涌无比。
    The powerful aura of a young master from a great family, a CEO accustomed to being in charge, erupted from him in an instant. He was like the raging thunder outside.
    这样一套，别说是普通的女孩子了，即便是那些身居高位的掌权者，在了解叶良身份后，也要让步三分。
    With this kind of pressure, never mind an ordinary girl; even powerful figures in high positions would back down once they knew who 叶良 was.
    好几次，叶良只是稍微认真一点，把声音沉一下，苏桃就会缩着脖子表示退让。
    There had been several times when 叶良 had only needed to get a little serious, to lower his voice, and 苏桃 would shrink back and give in.
    可这一次，叶良注意到，这倔强的少女眼中，满是坚毅与决然。 