Chapter 19: Is This a Gift?
第19章 这是礼物吗？
The wind howled and the rain poured, accompanied by flashes of lightning and rumbles of thunder.
风雨交加，电闪雷鸣。
The storm had been raging for nearly an hour with no signs of letting up.
这场雨已经持续了将近一个小时，却丝毫没有减小。
In fact, it only seemed to be getting stronger.
反而有愈演愈烈的趋势。
On the dormitory rooftop, 池小橙 was still sitting under the shelter of the rain guard, her breathing weak and her face a little pale.
宿舍天台上，池小橙依旧坐在挡雨板下，虚弱地呼吸着，脸色有些苍白。
She had turned off the noisy, continuous notifications about her "Emotion Value" in her mind, leaving only the sound of thunder and rain in her ears.
脑海中持续不断的情绪值提示音因为太吵被她关掉，耳边此时仅剩雷声和雨声。
But the wind was so strong that even hiding under the shelter, droplets of water were still blown onto her, soaking half of her body. Her already thin T-shirt clung tightly to her frame, revealing glimpses of her fair skin.
只是风太大，即便她躲到挡雨板下，丝丝水滴依旧被风吹到身上，小半边身子已经湿掉，本就单薄的T恤愈发贴合身躯，白嫩的肌肤若隐若现。
"System, how long has it been?"
"系统，过去多久了？"
Having thrown her phone from the 14th floor to make her act more convincing, she had lost track of how much time had passed since the call ended.
为了让戏更逼真，将手机从14楼扔下的她，已经不清楚距离挂断电话过去多久了。
But thankfully, she still had the System.
不过好在，还有系统。
[About 20 minutes have passed.]
【差不多20分钟了】
"Considering the time, 苏桃 should be back at the school by now."
"算算时间，苏桃应该回到学校了。"
She moved her body, exposing herself to the downpour and letting the rain soak her completely.
她挪动着身子，让自己暴露在雨幕下，任由雨水打湿自己。
It was late autumn in November, and the air was far from warm.
11月已经深秋，气温算不上暖。
The rain was ice-cold, and 池小橙 couldn't stop her body from shivering.
此时的雨水冰凉无比，池小橙几乎是不可控地颤抖着身子。
Even the System felt a little sorry for her.
看得系统都有些心疼。
[Host, maybe we should just give up on this idea. Or how about we use some Emotion Value to buy something first? I'm worried about you doing this.]
【宿主，要不还是算了吧，或者咱们先用情绪值再买点东西怎么样，你这样我害怕】
"I haven't even said anything. What's there for a System like you to be afraid of?"
"我都没多说什么呢，你一个系统怕什么。"
[If you die, I'll disappear too! Besides, Host, are you sure you aren't a 'yandere'? Your actions are really scaring me.]
【你要是挂了，我也就没了啊，而且宿主你真的确定自己不是病娇吗，你的行为我也好害怕】
"Aren't you a Villain System? Even if I were to kill someone, you should be clapping and cheering. I haven't done anything yet, and you're already scared. You're pretty useless, aren't you?"
"你不是反派系统吗，就算我去杀人你也应该拍手叫好的好不好，我啥都没干呢你就害怕，也太废物了吧？"
[QAQ]
【QAQ】
池小橙 rolled her eyes. After making sure she was completely soaked, she ducked back under the shelter, curling up to preserve what little warmth she had left.
池小橙翻了个白眼，确认自己被完全淋湿了，这才再度躲到挡雨板下，蜷缩着身子以保证最后一点温暖。
She had already completed the second step of her plan, having bought and consumed an energy pill with her Emotion Value.
她执行完自己计划的第二步，已经用情绪值买了一颗能量药丸吃了。
But the weakness of this body was beyond her expectations; even after taking the pill, she still felt incredibly weak.
可这具身体的虚弱出乎池小橙意料，吃了药还是感觉很虚。
Her head ached, felt heavy, and she desperately wanted to sleep.
她感觉头很疼，很重，很想睡觉。
But the female lead hadn't arrived yet, and the third step of her plan was the most crucial part.
可女主都没来，计划的第三步才是重中之重。
Afraid she might pass out from weakness, she forced herself to keep talking to the System. "To answer your earlier question, I told you, I'm playing the role of a 'yandere.' If you're going to act, you have to go all the way. Otherwise, how am I supposed to make the female lead fall for it?"
怕虚弱到直接昏睡过去，于是又强撑着和系统搭话，"回答你刚刚的问题，都说了我这是病娇的人设，要演就要演得绝一点，不然怎么让女主陷进去呢？"
"And besides, a true 'yandere' wouldn't even be aware of what they are. It's not like I don't know what I'm doing."
"而且，病娇哪里会有我这么清晰的意识，人家是病娇自己都不知道的好不好。"
"Just think about that look 叶良 gave me this afternoon, and all those hundreds of Emotion Value points I just got. I have a feeling he wants to bury me alive right now. I have to get more points and keep the female lead on my side."
"再想想下午叶良那眼神，还有刚刚收到大几百的情绪值，我感觉他现在恨不得埋了我，必须多拿点情绪值，并把女主抓在手里才行。"
Without the protection of the female lead's halo, 池小橙 was genuinely afraid something bad would happen to her!
没有女主光环的保护，池小橙真的怕自己会出事啊！
Her conversation slowly turned into her muttering to herself.
从聊天，变成自言自语。
After what felt like a long time, the rooftop door was suddenly pushed open with a loud "bang."
也不知道过了多久，天台的门"砰"地被用力推开。
An anxious voice cried out, "小橙!"
一道焦急的声音响起，"小橙！"
苏桃 had arrived!
苏桃来了！
She was breathing heavily, holding onto the wall to keep her weak legs from giving out.
她喘着粗气，扶住墙壁没让自己因腿软倒下。
After riding her bike for half an hour through the storm and flooded streets, she found that the power was out and the elevators weren't working. So, she ran back and climbed all fourteen flights of stairs, desperately hoping to find 池小橙 somewhere in the stairwell.
连续在暴雨和水路中蹬了半小时的自行车，又因为停电使用不了电梯，她跑回来后一口气爬上14楼，无比期望能够在楼道间看到池小橙的身影。
The iron door slammed back and forth in the wind with a loud "clang," her formal dress now completely soaked and sticking to her skin. Every step she took felt exhausting.
铁门被风肆虐，发出"咣咣"的声音，礼服已经被彻底打湿，夹带水珠贴合肌肤，她每走一步路都觉得很累。
But even so, she stepped out onto the rooftop and shouted into the wind, "小橙, where are you?!"
可即便如此，她还是走出了门外，迎着风大声喊道，"小橙你在哪！"
There was no answer from the rooftop, and she couldn't see 池小橙 anywhere.
天台无人回应，视野里也看不到池小橙。
But when she was downstairs, she hadn't seen any "body" or ambulance.
可她到楼下的时候，也没发现所谓的"尸体"和救护车。
小橙 must still be okay!
小橙一定还没事的！
She held on to that belief with all her heart.
她心中无比坚信。
Just as she was about to search the rooftop, 苏桃 suddenly heard a weak but happy voice, "桃桃, are you back?"
正想在天台搜上一圈，苏桃忽然听到一道虚弱又惊喜的声音，"桃桃，你回来了吗？"
"小橙?!"
"小橙？！"
Following the voice, 苏桃 was overjoyed to find 池小橙 hiding under the rain shelter.
循声而去，苏桃惊喜地发现，池小橙正躲在挡雨板下面。
Her body, which had been tense with worry, finally relaxed. Her legs gave out, and 苏桃 fell forward, hugging 池小橙 tightly as her voice broke into a sob, "小橙, I'm so glad you're okay!"
强撑着的身子陡然放松，腿一软，苏桃便扑在了池小橙身上，用力地搂着她，哭腔响起，"小橙，你没事真是太好了！"
Her tears mixed with the raindrops, streaming down her face.
泪水夹着雨滴，顺着她的脸颊滑落。
Leaning on her shoulder, 池小橙 felt the warmth of her embrace and a slight smile appeared on her lips.
靠在她的肩头，池小橙感受着那温暖的怀抱，唇角轻轻上扬。
Ah~ This feeling of being loved with someone's whole heart... it's so wonderfully warm.
啊~这种被全身心爱着的怀抱，真是太温暖了。
That's what she felt inside, but her performance didn't stop.
心中是一番感受，但她的演技没有下线。
A mix of fear and worry flowed from her as she let out a weak cry. "I... I'm sorry, 桃桃. The 14th floor... it was too high. I was too scared to jump. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."
担忧害怕的情绪随着她的柔弱的哭声一同涌向苏桃，"对...对不起桃桃，14...14楼太高了，我不敢跳下去，对不起对不起对不起......"
Hearing this, 苏桃's heart ached.
听到这话，苏桃心中一疼。
She knew that 池小橙 had misunderstood her words.
她知道是池小橙误解了自己的话。
But she didn't blame her. She felt more guilt than anything else, because she hadn't been clear and had almost caused 小橙's death.
但她没有怪她，更多的是自责，因为她没说清楚，差点害死了小橙。
Overcome with guilt, 苏桃 took a deep breath, cupped 池小橙's face in her hands, and gently wiped away her tears.
内心被愧疚占据，苏桃深呼吸了一口气，伸手捧住池小橙的脸蛋，拇指温柔地将泪水揩去，说道：
"You don't have to say sorry. It's my fault. I didn't explain myself properly. The important thing is that you're okay, you're okay..."
"不用说对不起，是我的错，是我没说清楚，总之小橙你没事就好，没事就好... "
池小橙 sniffled, her voice still weak and tearful. "You're not mad at me, 桃桃? I... I did so many bad things before, and now I've made you worry again, I..."
池小橙滋溜一下鼻子，依旧是柔弱的哭腔，"桃桃不会怪我吗，我...我以前做了那么多错事，现在还让桃桃担心了，我......"
"Shhh!"
"嘘！"
苏桃 placed her long index finger on 池小橙's lips, then gently rested her forehead against hers. "How could I be mad at you, 小橙? Everyone makes mistakes. And you're trying to change now, aren't you? We promised we'd have a talk tonight."
苏桃修长的食指抵住了池小橙的唇瓣，额头轻轻贴上她的额头，温柔道，"我怎么会怪小橙呢，谁都有做错的时候，小橙现在已经要改正了不是吗，我们约好了今晚要聊一下的呢。"
池小橙's tears turned into a smile, which was then replaced by a slightly panicked look as she started feeling around for something next to her.
池小橙破涕为笑，转而又带些许慌张地伸手在旁边摸索。
苏桃 asked curiously, "What are you looking for?"
苏桃好奇问道，"找什么呢？"
"A gift."
"礼物。"
"A gift?" 苏桃 was confused by what 池小橙 said, but then something came to mind. "Speaking of which, 小橙, what did you want to tell me on the rooftop?"
"礼物？"苏桃不明白池小橙说的话，忽地想起什么，"说起来，小橙约我上天台是想跟我说什么？"
"It's about what happened during the day." 池小橙 finally found the bottle, which was carefully wrapped with a ribbon, and handed it to 苏桃. "During the day, you were with 叶良... you wouldn't even drink the water I offered..."
"是白天的事情。"池小橙摸索了一下，终于找到了用缎带精心包装的瓶子，小心翼翼地递到苏桃手中，"白天桃桃跟叶良那样子，喝水都不喝我的......"
苏桃 paused for a moment.
苏桃愣了一下。
Then she couldn't help but laugh a little. "So it was about that. Oh, 小橙, you're so..."
转而哭笑不得地说着，"就因为这个事情啊，小橙你真的是......"
So silly.
真的是太傻了。
She didn't notice anything strange about 池小橙's behavior. She just thought that giving her a gift late at night specifically because of what happened earlier was 池小橙's way of apologizing.
她倒也没意识到池小橙的不对劲，只是觉得大晚上特意因为白天的事情送自己礼物，在池小橙视角里是对自己的道歉。
Does this almost feel like she's jealous?
怎么感觉有点像吃醋了呢？
She took the gift. It was too dark to see 池小橙's expression clearly.
她接过礼物，天很黑看不到池小橙的表情。
But 苏桃 had a feeling that the other girl was looking at her with anticipation.
但苏桃隐隐能感觉到，对方眼神期待。
She said softly, "I'll accept this gift. Now, you need to be a good girl and listen to me. Let's go downstairs and back to our room, okay?"
她柔声说道，"我收下这份礼物，小橙就要乖乖听话，我们先下楼回宿舍去，好吗？"
"Okay~"
"好~"
池小橙's voice was very obedient, maybe even softer than usual, with the sweet, slightly sticky quality of a young girl.
池小橙声音很乖巧，似乎比平时还要软，带上了萝莉特有的点点腻和糯。
It actually reminded 苏桃 of the 池小橙 from middle school.
这倒是让苏桃想起了初中时候的池小橙。
The 小橙 of today is becoming more like she used to be.
现在的小橙，倒是变得和以前差不多呢。
She's a lot to worry about, but also... kind of cute?
虽然很让人担心，但也怪可爱的？
苏桃 didn't think too much about it and, following 池小橙's lead, accepted the gift.
苏桃没有细想，也就顺着池小橙的意思，收下了礼物。
Suddenly, a loud "BOOM" echoed through the night. Along with the thunder came a blinding flash of lightning.
忽然，"轰隆"一声响起，伴随雷声到来的，是刺眼的闪电。
As if trying to light up the entire dark world, the flash of lightning scattered the fog before 苏桃's eyes, and the so-called gift was finally revealed.
仿佛要将整个黑暗的世界照亮，闪电的出现驱散了苏桃眼前的迷雾，所谓的礼物，也映入眼帘。
苏桃's pupils contracted violently. In that instant, she felt the raindrops on her skin turn into ice-cold needles, piercing her to the bone. 