第20章 我变成这样，都是因为你呢~
Chapter 20: I'm Like This All Because of You~

本应该是解开误会，相互交心，相互温存的美好的展开。
What should have been a beautiful moment of resolving misunderstandings, opening up to each other, and sharing warmth.

却在看到拿着礼物那人妖异的瞳孔和渗人的笑容时，被轰得支离破碎。
Was shattered the instant she saw the gift-bearer's eerie eyes and chilling smile.

脑海中霎时想起了地下室的那一幕。
The scene from the basement instantly flashed through her mind.

被限制，动弹不得。
Restrained, unable to move.

强行掐住脸颊，她在自己耳边说着包含疯狂与爱的话语。
Forcibly grabbing her face, whispering words of mad love into her ear.

同样奇怪的方式。
The same strange methods.

同样不对的表达。
The same wrong expressions of affection.

但在池小橙眼里，那样的礼物就是普通的爱。
But in 池小橙's eyes, a gift like that was just a normal display of love.

而苏桃不清楚，这就是病娇畸形的认知，爱是可以用任何方式去展现的。
苏桃 didn't understand. This was a twisted, distorted kind of perception—that love could be shown in any way imaginable.

苏桃连忙将礼物扔到一边，眼神惊恐无比。
苏桃 quickly threw the gift aside, her eyes filled with terror.

今晚因为她的一句话想从楼上跳下去。
Tonight, she had wanted to jump from the building because of a single sentence.

现在又说什么送礼物。
And now she was talking about giving a gift.

伴随着因为惊骇而产生的呼吸困难，苏桃脑子乱成一团。
Her breath grew short with horror, and 苏桃's mind became a chaotic mess.

打在身上的冰凉雨滴刺痛着肌肤，让她不至于像地下室那样失去理智。
The cold raindrops hitting her skin stung, keeping her from losing her mind like she did in the basement.

脑海中仍有一丝的理性，思考着池小橙为什么要这样做。
A thread of reason remained, and she tried to figure out why 池小橙 was doing this.

礼物会是什么？
What could the gift be?

包装的盒子这样精致？
The box was so beautifully wrapped...

动机呢？
And what was her motive?

忽地，苏桃想到了在地下室时，池小橙对她说过的一句话：你只能喜欢我哦桃桃
Suddenly, 苏桃 remembered something 池小橙 had said in the basement: "You can only like me, okay, Taotao?"

难道是因为这个？
Could that be why?

可这样也太极端了！
But this was too extreme!

脑海中闪过无数问题，此刻鼻尖又闻到了除泥尘以外的香味。
Countless questions raced through her mind, and at that moment, she caught a scent other than the earthy smell of mud.

"不喜欢吗？"
"You don't like it?"

耳边，传来细软的询问声。
A soft, delicate voice whispered by her ear.

苏桃僵硬地侧过脸，沾着水的缕缕秀发盖住了半边眸子，遮掩住眼神的一抹惊恐。
苏桃 stiffly turned her head, strands of wet hair covering half of her face, hiding the flicker of terror in her eyes.

一道闪电划过，再度照亮了这个乌黑的夜晚。
A bolt of lightning flashed, once again illuminating the dark night.

仅仅只有一瞬，苏桃还是注意到了，池小橙那本就赤红的眼眸，在闪电的映衬下好似绽放着红芒。
For just a second, 苏桃 noticed that 池小橙's already crimson eyes seemed to glow with a red light in the flash of lightning.

细软的声音并没有照顾她那惊恐的感受，继续萦绕在耳边，"白天的矿泉水桃桃不喜欢，这个也不喜欢吗？"
The soft voice, ignoring her fear, continued to linger by her ear. "Taotao didn't like the mineral water from earlier today. You don't like this either?"

"哦，我明白了。"
"Oh, I see."

池小橙露出恍然大悟的表情，熟练地扬起那妖异的笑容，声线逐渐病态，"桃桃难道更喜欢叶良的礼物？"
池小橙's expression was one of sudden understanding as she skillfully raised that eerie smile, her voice becoming more and more twisted. "Could it be that Taotao prefers 叶良's gift?"

叶良？
叶良?

为什么又提到了叶良？
Why bring up 叶良 again?

苏桃脑子甚至都没转过来，池小橙就已经又有所行动了。
Before 苏桃 could even process it, 池小橙 had already made her next move.

"桃桃，能说一句喜欢我吗~"
"Taotao, can you just say you like me?~"

鼻尖传来一阵温热的气息，又是一道闪电划过，池小橙正凑在自己面前，眼神幽深。
A puff of warm air tickled her nose, and another flash of lightning revealed 池小橙 leaning in close, her gaze deep and intense.

就像是盯着猎物一样，赤红色的瞳孔在黑夜中不断闪烁妖异的光芒。
Like a predator staring at its prey, her crimson pupils flickered with an eerie light in the darkness.

真的只是一句喜欢那么简单吗？
Was it really as simple as just saying "I like you"?

看着那笑吟吟的眼神，苏桃眼神中渐渐多了一抹害怕，再也没了刚刚的温柔。
Looking into those smiling eyes, a sense of fear grew inside 苏桃, replacing the tenderness she had felt just moments before.

直到现在，她才真正确信，地下室时的池小橙，那样的表现不是偶然。
It was only now that she was truly convinced that 池小橙's behavior in the basement hadn't been a one-time thing.

现在又和之前一样了。
She was acting the same way again.

这样的小橙，让她感到陌生。
This side of 小橙 felt so unfamiliar.

"桃桃，为什么用那样的眼神看着我呢，你不是说不会讨厌我的吗？"
"Taotao, why are you looking at me like that? Didn't you say you wouldn't hate me?"

"不讨厌我，难道不是喜欢我吗？"
"If you don't hate me, doesn't that mean you like me?"

细软的声音渐渐幽怨，又让苏桃心中一紧。
The soft voice slowly filled with resentment, making 苏桃's heart tighten with anxiety.

她隐隐有一种感觉，接下来如果不能将池小橙安抚下来，恐怕她真的会像刚刚那样，在她的理解中——下去！
She had a bad feeling that if she couldn't calm 池小橙 down, she might really "go down," just as she had threatened before.

咽了一口唾沫，又强行咬了一下舌尖。
She swallowed hard and bit her tongue, trying to force herself to stay sharp.

忍下喉咙中的不适，以疼痛来让自己清醒。
Ignoring the uncomfortable feeling in her throat, she used the pain to clear her head.

苏桃对池小橙挤出一个牵强的笑容，"小橙，我...我当然不讨厌你，就是……"
苏桃 forced a strained smile for 池小橙. "小橙, I... of course I don't hate you, it's just..."

"这样呀......"
"Is that so..."

池小橙又抽回了手。
池小橙 pulled her hand back again.

缓缓抬头，在黑夜中用微小的视线死死地盯着苏桃的双眼，"不喜欢我，难道……桃桃喜欢叶良？"
Slowly, she lifted her head, her gaze locking onto 苏桃's eyes in the darkness. "You don't like me... so does that mean... Taotao likes 叶良?"

询问出口，手中的动作一点不慢。
As she asked, her hands moved without hesitation.

轻轻抚上了苏桃的脸颊，拇指揩拭摩挲，指尖刮在肌肤，就像针刺一样令苏桃感到胆颤。
She gently caressed 苏桃's cheek, her thumb wiping and rubbing, the tip of her finger grazing her skin like a needle, sending a shiver of fear down 苏桃's spine.

苏桃连忙拿出手机打开了手电筒。
苏桃 quickly took out her phone and turned on the flashlight.

瞳孔猛然收缩，手一抖手机掉到了地上。
Her pupils contracted, and her hand trembled, dropping the phone to the ground.

手电筒自下而上，照在池小橙的俏脸。
The flashlight's beam shot up from below, illuminating 池小橙's pretty face.

她扬着妖异的笑容，笑容病态，眼神自以为包含爱意！
She wore an eerie, twisted smile, her eyes filled with what she believed was love!

殊不知这样的爱意，在苏桃眼里却恐怖无比，那双漂亮的眸子，像是要绽放红芒。
But she didn't know that in 苏桃's eyes, that love was utterly terrifying. Those beautiful eyes seemed to glow with a red light.

惊悚。
Horror.

害怕。
Fear.

呼吸急促。
Shortness of breath.

苏桃脑子再度乱作一团。
苏桃's mind was a mess once again.

恰逢此时，又对上池小橙的妖艳赤瞳。
Just then, her eyes met 池小橙's bewitching crimson gaze again.

她没说话，但手又举了起来，手心中，拿着一张她和叶良在一起拍的照片。
She didn't speak, but she raised her hand again. In her palm was a photo of her and 叶良 together.

"我......"
"I..."

明明雨水顺着脸颊滑落嘴唇，但苏桃还是觉得嘴唇很干。
Rainwater was trickling down her cheeks to her lips, but they still felt incredibly dry.

撕拉——照片被撕个粉碎，又像是要将她和叶良一起撕烂。
*Rip—* The photo was torn to shreds, as if she wanted to tear her and 叶良 apart just as easily.

苏桃来不及多想，只知道不制止的话，她这样病态的一面可能会更严重！
苏桃 had no time to think. She only knew that if she didn't stop her, this twisted side of her could get even worse.

再度用力咬了一下舌尖，苏桃连忙将池小橙拿到的手给钳住，声音有些崩溃，"小橙，你别这样好吗，我从来没有讨厌过你，也没有因为叶良而放弃你，你相信我好吗！"
Biting her tongue hard again, 苏桃 quickly grabbed 池小橙's hand, her voice cracking. "小橙, please don't be like this! I've never hated you, and I never chose 叶良 over you, please believe me!"

池小橙好像没听到这句话一样，露出个傻傻而又满足的笑容。
As if she hadn't heard a word, 池小橙 gave a foolish yet satisfied smile.

将脸颊凑了过去。
She leaned her face closer.

苏桃呼吸愈发急促，明明这张俏脸是那样的可爱，现在却让她感到害怕。
苏桃's breathing grew more rapid. That pretty face was usually so lovely, but right now, it only made her afraid.

抬起头，又对上池小橙期待的赤瞳。
Lifting her head, she met 池小橙's expectant crimson eyes.

就好像在催促她快点一样。
It was as if she was urging her to hurry up.

催促她快点表现出对自己的喜欢。
Urging her to quickly show her affection.

苏桃一咬牙，紧紧地闭上了双眸，颤颤巍巍身体僵硬，但还是鼓足了力气。
苏桃 clenched her jaw, shut her eyes tightly, and though her body was stiff and trembling, she gathered all her strength.

……
...

她不得不主动去表达对她的喜欢，证明她大于叶良。
She had to take the initiative to show her affection, to prove that she was more important than 叶良.

伴随着雨水，除了柔软什么也感受不到。
With the rain falling, all she could feel was softness.

但想起池小橙病态的眸子，依旧让她感到害怕无比。
But the memory of 池小橙's twisted eyes still filled her with immense fear.

池小橙满足地看着这一幕，脸上多了一丝兴奋。
池小橙 watched this scene with satisfaction, a trace of excitement on her face.

今晚过后，想必无论如何苏桃都不会再忽视自己了吧？
After tonight, there was no way 苏桃 would ever ignore her again, right?

她一定会去了解自己为什么会变成这样，在这期间，即便是在那些男主面前，她也一定会维护我。
She would definitely try to understand why I've become like this. And during that time, even in front of those male protagonists, she will protect me.

没错，就是这样！
Yes, that's it!

池小橙哪里还有刚刚的伤心可怜样。
The sad, pitiful look on 池小橙's face was completely gone.

小脑袋低下，鼻尖凑到了苏桃湿漉漉的秀发前，享受着那淡淡的清香。
She lowered her little head, bringing her nose close to 苏桃's wet hair, savoring the faint, fresh scent.

面色如痴如醉，唇角上扬，好似一个猎人，看着猎物逐渐步入自己的圈套。
Her expression was one of blissful intoxication, the corners of her lips turned up like a hunter watching their prey walk right into their trap.

终于坚持着完成了这第三步。
Finally, she had managed to complete the third step.

无论是身体还是精神，都已经到极限了呢。
My body and mind have both reached their limit.

正好，可以晕在她的怀里。
Perfect. I can faint in her arms now.

桃桃呀，这一次，我也是因为你才变成这样的呢
Oh, Taotao, this time, too, I've become like this all because of you.

池小橙心中渐渐放松，倦意也涌了上来。
池小橙's mind gradually relaxed, and a wave of exhaustion washed over her.

"噗通"一下，倒在了苏桃的身上。
*Thump.* She collapsed onto 苏桃.

被娇小的身子压住，苏桃后知后觉地抬起头，惊慌地扶住了池小橙的肩膀，"小橙！"
Caught off guard by the small body pressing down on her, 苏桃 belatedly lifted her head and frantically grabbed 池小橙's shoulders. "小橙!"

轰隆——
*CRASH—*

雷声，又响了起来。 