第21章 老天爷在敲门
Chapter 21: A Knock from the Heavens
滴答~滴答
Drip... drop...
雨势渐小，东方阳关掉伞，抖了抖身上的雨便冲进了女生宿舍。
The rain was letting up. Dongfang Yang closed his umbrella, shook off the water, and rushed into the girls' dormitory.
好在此时停电，他溜得快倒也没人发现。
Luckily, the power was out, so he slipped in quickly without anyone noticing.
堵车半小时，接了苏桃一个电话后他终于来到了这里。
After being stuck in traffic for half an hour and getting a call from Su Tao, he had finally arrived.
心情就如同这乌云一样低沉，他知道今晚发生了很严重的事情。
His mood was as gloomy as the dark clouds overhead. He knew something serious had happened tonight.
也是第一次看到苏桃会那么着急。
It was also the first time he had ever seen Su Tao so anxious.
可让她着急的对象，竟然不是自己！
But the person she was anxious about... wasn't him!
况且他还不知道到底发生了什么，只是当了一晚上的工具人。
Besides, he still didn't know what was going on. He had just been used like a tool all evening.
先是看叶良装逼，好不容易能刷一下存在感结果路上堵车，帮都没帮到苏桃，好不容易到了学校，接到苏桃的电话说要上女生宿舍帮忙？
First, he'd had to watch Ye Liang show off. When he finally got a chance to be useful, he was stuck in traffic, unable to help Su Tao at all. Now, after finally reaching the school, he gets a call telling him to come to the girls' dormitory to help?
帮的还是池小橙的忙！
And it was Chi Xiaocheng who needed the help!
感觉自己就像是一个工具。
He felt like nothing more than a tool.
这让东方阳莫名地吃醋。
This made Dongfang Yang feel a strange pang of jealousy.
即便吃醋的对象池小橙是个女生。
Even though the object of his jealousy, Chi Xiaocheng, was a girl.
"不过今晚过去，苏桃一定会对我好感大增的吧？"
"But after tonight, Su Tao's opinion of me will definitely improve, right?"
东方阳爬着楼梯，不由期待地想道。
Dongfang Yang thought with anticipation as he climbed the stairs.
然后到了天台。
Then, he reached the rooftop.
连伞都不打，急匆匆寻找苏桃的身影。
Without even opening his umbrella, he hurriedly searched for Su Tao.
紧接着，他笑容僵住了。
And then, his smile froze.
只见挡雨板下，两个美少女相互挨在一起。
There, under the shelter of the rain guard, two beautiful girls were huddled together.
苏桃将蜷缩成一团的池小橙搂在怀里，好似怕她会感冒，尽自己最大的努力将这一只娇小的萝莉环住，并自己主动让出半边身子淋雨，好能帮池小橙遮住被风带进的雨滴。
Su Tao held Chi Xiaocheng, who was curled into a ball, in her arms. It was as if she were afraid Chi Xiaocheng would catch a cold, trying her best to embrace the small, petite girl, even letting half of her own body get soaked to shield her from the wind-blown raindrops.
二人似乎都因为疲惫而睡着，水珠将二人的秀发都贴在了一起。
They both seemed to have fallen asleep from exhaustion, the water droplets making strands of their hair cling together.
看着两位美少女相互依偎，东方阳承认。
Watching the two beautiful girls leaning on each other, Dongfang Yang had to admit...
他酸了。
He was jealous.
这种玛丽苏剧情的展开，应该是放在男主和女主身上才对的吧，她池小橙凭什么？
This kind of fairytale romantic scene... it's supposed to be for the hero and heroine, isn't it? By what right was it Chi Xiaocheng?
难不成我拿错剧本了？
Don't tell me I've got the wrong script.
心中波澜万千，但东方阳还是很快将苏桃给叫醒，"苏桃，醒醒，别在这里睡了，会感冒的！"
A storm of emotions raged within him, but Dongfang Yang quickly woke Su Tao. "Su Tao, wake up! Don't sleep here, you'll catch a cold!"
被拍了一下肩膀，苏桃猛然惊醒。
Tapped on the shoulder, Su Tao woke with a start.
下意识地就大喊了一声，"小橙！"
She instinctively cried out, "Xiaocheng!"
感受着怀里的滚烫的柔软，苏桃安心了不少，"人还在，没事就好。"
Feeling the warm, soft body in her arms, Su Tao felt a wave of relief. "She's still here. That's all that matters."
这样一幕，让东方阳脸色更难看了。
This scene made Dongfang Yang's expression turn even uglier.
嫉妒到面部扭曲！
He was so jealous his face was twisting!
他追求了苏桃三个月，手都没牵过啊！！！
He had pursued Su Tao for three months and hadn't even held her hand!
好在夜色将他表情藏住。
Fortunately, the darkness hid his expression.
东方阳深吸一口气，平复自己心情，自我安慰池小橙和苏桃关系好，是闺蜜，亲密一点也没什么。
Dongfang Yang took a deep breath to calm himself, reasoning that Chi Xiaocheng and Su Tao were just best friends. It was normal for them to be close.
女孩子嘛，这样很正常。
It's normal for girls to be like that.
他伸出手，将苏桃给拉了起来，"走吧，我们先下去。"
He reached out and helped Su Tao up. "Come on, let's head down."
"Okay." Su Tao steadied herself against the wall, then looked at Chi Xiaocheng. "My legs are numb. Can you help me with her?"
"No problem."
东方阳蹲了下来，顺势就想将池小橙给抱起，可见到地上有别于雨水清透的颜色，又瞪大了眼睛。
Dongfang Yang knelt and was about to lift Chi Xiaocheng, but then his eyes widened when he saw a color on the ground that wasn't the clear color of rainwater.
"这是什么？"
"What is this?"
他发出疑惑的声音，顿时就发现了池小橙的手上有不少痕迹。
He asked, confused, and at that moment, he noticed the many marks on Chi Xiaocheng's hands.
完全不知道这样的痕跡，是怎么弄上去的。
He had no idea how marks like that could have gotten there.
是磕碰到了哪里，还是说被人伤害了？
Did she bump into something, or was she hurt by someone?
他深吸一口气，看向苏桃，"这就是你说的生命危险吗，她想永远离开这个世界？"
He took a deep breath and looked at Su Tao. "Is this the 'life-threatening danger' you mentioned? Did she want to leave this world forever?"
苏桃沉默了一下，"先带小橙去医院吧，我一会儿给你解释。"
Su Tao was silent for a moment. "Let's get Xiaocheng to the hospital first. I'll explain later."
"Alright!"
轻松将池小橙抱起，二人迅速下了楼。
He easily lifted Chi Xiaocheng, and the two of them hurried downstairs.
又送到车上后，这才双双松了口气。
Once she was safely in the car, they both breathed a sigh of relief.
东方阳冷静地点火启动，"先送去离这里最近的医院吧，我的私人医院离这里太远了，她现在高烧，拖下去怕出事。"
Dongfang Yang calmly started the car. "Let's go to the nearest hospital. My private one is too far. She has a high fever, and any delay could be dangerous."
苏桃就坐在池小橙的身边，握住她的手，"希望不要堵车。"
Su Tao sat next to Chi Xiaocheng, holding her hand. "I hope there's no traffic."
"If we get stuck again, I'll call for a helicopter!"
东方阳恶狠狠地说了一句，打着车灯迅速驶离学校。
Dongfang Yang said fiercely, turning on the headlights and speeding away from the school.
前往医院还需要一点时间，他又不禁朝后视镜看了眼。
It would still take some time to get to the hospital. He couldn't help but glance in the rearview mirror.
只见苏桃不断用纸巾给池小橙整理，先将头发和脖子上的水擦干，又给她擦去溢出的冷汗。
He saw Su Tao constantly dabbing at Chi Xiaocheng with tissues, first drying her hair and neck, then wiping away the cold sweat from her brow.
眼含心疼，动作温柔。
Her eyes were full of pity, her movements gentle.
东方阳收回视线，问道，"到医院还要几分钟，现在可以跟我说说是什么情况了吧，池小橙的伤又是怎么回事？"
Dongfang Yang looked away and asked, "We have a few more minutes before we reach the hospital. Can you tell me what's going on now? And what's with Chi Xiaocheng's injuries?"
苏桃停了停动作，咬住下唇。
Su Tao paused and bit her lower lip.
池小橙已经渐渐正常，可那样的一幕仿佛铭刻在了灵魂中。
Chi Xiaocheng's breathing was starting to even out, but that scene felt like it had been engraved into her soul.
她缓缓道，"我脑子也很乱，这两个月我都没怎么和小橙接触，也不知道她发生了什么事情，她手上的这个，都是她自己弄的。"
She said slowly, "My mind is a mess too. I haven't had much contact with Xiaocheng these past two months, so I don't know what happened to her. The marks on her hands... she did them to herself."
思考许久，苏桃还是隐瞒了池小橙送礼物给她的事情。
After much thought, Su Tao decided to hide the fact that Chi Xiaocheng had given her a "gift."
她清楚东方阳对自己的感情。
She knew about Dongfang Yang's feelings for her.
说出那样渗人的事情，害怕他会和叶良一样过激。
She was afraid that if she told him something so horrifying, he would have an extreme reaction, just like Ye Liang.
可这样的事情，即便说一半，也很让人惊骇了。
But even telling half of the story was shocking enough.
东方阳见过许多奇怪的事情，然是如此，眼神也有些震惊，"你是说，池小橙一直有自我伤害的倾向？"
Dongfang Yang had seen many strange things, but even so, his eyes showed his shock. "Are you saying Chi Xiaocheng has a tendency to self-harm?"
小手那白嫩上的违和，看着就让人揪心。
The unnatural marks on her delicate, pale hands were heartbreaking to see.
说着，东方阳又想起了什么，忽地道，"等一下，没准不是自愿的，可能是被逼的。"
As he spoke, Dongfang Yang seemed to remember something. "Wait a minute," he said suddenly, "maybe it wasn't voluntary. Maybe she was forced."
"被逼的？"苏桃愣了一下。
"Forced?" Su Tao froze for a second.
她清楚那应该是池小橙自愿的，而且还是为了她。
She knew Chi Xiaocheng had likely done it willingly, and for her sake.
但东方阳为什么会得出这样的结论？
But why would Dongfang Yang come to that conclusion?
东方阳解释道，"其实在昨天，我让人调查了一下池小橙身上这两个月发生的事情，兴许是没有了你的庇护，她这两个月一直过得不如意。"
Dongfang Yang explained, "Actually, yesterday I had someone look into what's been happening with Chi Xiaocheng for the past two months. Perhaps without your protection, her life has been difficult."
苏桃皱了皱眉。
Su Tao frowned.
东方阳："暂且不提她针对你的事情，在这些事情外，池小橙其实一直都处于一个被长期霸凌的状态。"
Dongfang Yang continued, "Let's not talk about the things she did to you for a moment. Besides all that, Chi Xiaocheng has actually been the victim of long-term bullying."
"她的家在这附近对吧，高中也离这里不远，虽然进入了大学，可高中的人际关系一直都没变，她又是走读，往日回家经常被不良少女堵门。"
"Her home is nearby, right? And her high school wasn't far from here. Even though she's in university now, her old high school connections haven't gone away. Since she's a day student, she was often cornered by delinquent girls on her way home."
"而在学校里，也有几个家伙是靠关系进来的，学校里被人欺负，回家还要被人堵，她那样的蠢货很容易留下心理阴影的。"
"And at school, there are a few troublemakers who got in through connections. Being bullied at school and then cornered on her way home... a fool like her could easily be traumatized by that."
东方阳呼了一口气，"如果说她是被逼的，会伤害自己也不奇怪了。"
Dongfang Yang let out a breath. "If she was being forced, it wouldn't be surprising if she hurt herself."
苏桃听后，渐渐沉默了。
After hearing this, Su Tao fell silent.
毫无疑问，东方陽给她找了一个很好的借口。
Without a doubt, Dongfang Yang had found a very good excuse for her.
苏桃是清楚的，池小橙会变成这样很大原因还是自己，之前她只是潜意识地回避地下室发生的事情，不愿去想。
Su Tao knew that she herself was a major reason why Chi Xiaocheng had become like this. Before, she had subconsciously avoided thinking about what happened in the basement.
可刚刚抱着池小橙。
But just now, holding Chi Xiaocheng...
在挡雨板下等候东方阳到来时，感受着怀里娇弱的身躯渐渐升温，苏桃也冷静地回忆了一下地下室她说的话。
While waiting for Dongfang Yang under the rain shelter, feeling the fragile body in her arms gradually grow warmer, Su Tao had calmly recalled the words Chi Xiaocheng had said in the basement.
—"Taotao, the one I've always loved is you!"
—"Taotao, the one I've always loved is you!"
—"You always told me that I was your most precious friend, your most important person, the person you liked the most!"
—"You always told me that I was your most precious friend, your most important person, the person you liked the most!"
—"If that's what you told me, then why did you betray me!"
—"If that's what you told me, then why did you betray me!"
靠在座椅，苏桃喉咙有些哽咽。
Leaning back in her seat, Su Tao felt a lump in her throat.
她看向乌云密布的天空，闪电好似顺着她的视线落下，并对她说：
She looked up at the overcast sky. A bolt of lightning seemed to follow her gaze down, as if speaking to her:
你给了她希望，引导着她的思想，在她无可救药地喜欢你、眷恋你、依赖你时，你却又给她带去绝望。
You gave her hope, you guided her thoughts, and just when she had come to hopelessly love you, cling to you, and depend on you, you brought her despair.
既然这样，你为什么还要在意她呢？
So why do you still care about her?
雨水拍打窗户，好似老天爷的手在敲门，让她赶紧开门，将池小橙送走。
The rain beat against the window, like a hand from the heavens knocking, urging her to open the door and send Chi Xiaocheng away.
呼啸的风声仿佛在苏桃耳边低语：身旁的女孩与其度过这凄惨的人生，不如归去一了百了。
The howling wind seemed to whisper in Su Tao's ear: Rather than live such a miserable life, it would be better for the girl beside you to just let go and end it all. 