第22章 放心，我又不是真的病娇
Chapter 22: Don't Worry, I'm Not Actually a Yandere
"呃啊..."
"Ugh..."
头好疼，好累，感觉身子要散架了一样。
My head hurts, I'm so tired, it feels like my body is about to fall apart.
苍白的灯光从头顶洒下，照在一张洁白的病床上，池小橙纤细娇小的身体被层层覆盖的白色被单掩映，空气中消毒水的味道和身体带来的虚弱，让她悠悠转醒。
Pale light spilled down from above, illuminating a clean white hospital bed. Chi Xiaocheng's slender, small body was hidden under layers of white sheets. The smell of disinfectant in the air and the weakness from her body slowly brought her back to consciousness.
"我昏迷了多久？"
"How long was I unconscious?"
池小橙并未开口，在脑海中询问着系统，同时眯着眼睛，尽量适应医院的光线。
Chi Xiaocheng didn't speak aloud. She asked the system in her mind while squinting, trying to adjust to the hospital lights.
她会昏迷，但系统不会。
She might pass out, but the system wouldn't.
【宿主昏迷了三个小时，现在是凌晨1点，宿主在九州市第三人民医院内，是苏桃和东方阳带你过来的】
[Host, you were unconscious for three hours. It's now 1 AM. You are in Jiuzhou City's Third People's Hospital. It was Su Tao and Dongfang Yang who brought you here.]
"比计划中多了一个外人，东方阳是那种有点脑子又热心肠的开朗大男孩人设吧，他在苏桃身边可难办了点啊，这种时候二人世界才是最好的。"
"One more person than planned. Dongfang Yang's character is the cheerful, big-hearted, and smart type, right? Having him around Su Tao makes things a bit tricky. A moment for just the two of us would have been best."
系统听到池小橙的抱怨，不由沉默了一下。
Hearing Chi Xiaocheng's complaint, the system couldn't help but fall silent for a moment.
【宿主，都什么时候了你竟然还在想这种事情，叫你多补充点能量你不听，否则也不至于虚弱到晕倒啊！】
[Host, how can you still be thinking about such things at a time like this? I told you to get more energy, but you didn't listen. Otherwise, you wouldn't have become so weak that you fainted!]
池小橙睁开了眼睛，呆呆地看着天花板。
Chi Xiaocheng opened her eyes, staring blankly at the ceiling.
唇角扬起笑意，"做戏要做足嘛，我那么多伤故意给苏桃看，身体如果还健壮如牛，岂不是被人怀疑，瞒得过苏桃瞒不过医生们。"
A smile played on her lips. "You have to commit to the act. I showed all those injuries to Su Tao on purpose. If my body were still as strong as an ox, wouldn't people get suspicious? I might be able to fool Su Tao, but not the doctors."
【但你也不用下手那么狠吧，不疼吗？】
[But you didn't have to be so harsh on yourself. Doesn't it hurt?]
"其实挺疼的。"池小橙答道，"如果没有痛感减弱这个技能，我恐怕根本坚持不下去吧，中级演技确实无敌，没有这个演技这次的行动效果就没那么大了。"
"It actually hurts a lot," Chi Xiaocheng replied. "If I didn't have the 'Pain Reduction' skill, I probably wouldn't have been able to endure it. The Intermediate Acting skill is really unbeatable. Without it, this whole plan wouldn't have been nearly as effective."
毕竟那时自己的表现确实有点惊悚了。
After all, the way I acted back then was pretty terrifying.
就怕苏桃不能接受。
I was just worried Su Tao wouldn't be able to handle it.
要是以后苏桃每次看到叶良，能够产生一种"必须偏向小橙，否则她可能会出事"这样的想法，就太棒了！
It would be great if, from now on, every time Su Tao sees Ye Liang, she thinks, "I have to side with Xiaocheng, or something bad might happen to her!"
"统子，现在我有多少情绪值了？"
"System, how many Emotion Points do I have now?"
【2135点，其中苏桃为宿主提供了1400点，剩下的则是由叶良和东方阳提供，其中叶良提供了近乎500点】
[2135 points. Su Tao provided 1400 of those, and the rest came from Ye Liang and Dongfang Yang. Ye Liang alone gave you almost 500 points.]
"叶良恐怕恨死我了吧？"
"Ye Liang must hate my guts by now, huh?"
池小橙之前是看过现在的这段剧情。
Chi Xiaocheng had read this part of the plot before.
原著中，苏桃在被划烂了脸后，依旧参加了游轮的宴会，不仅装逼打脸取得了叶良父母的认可，还结识了一位在深山修炼20年的神医男主。
In the original story, after her face was scarred, Su Tao still attended the cruise ship banquet. Not only did she manage to show off and put others in their place, winning the approval of Ye Liang's parents, but she also met a "miracle doctor" male lead who had been training in the remote mountains for 20 years.
毕竟是玛丽苏到极点的女频文，男主越多，爱恨纠纷就越多，读者也就越喜欢。
After all, it was an extreme Mary Sue story from a female-oriented web novel site. The more male leads there were, the more love-hate drama there was, and the more readers liked it.
毫无疑问，神医男主也会在后续因为某种事情喜欢上苏桃，并施展都市小说中所谓狗血的"太乙十三针"一样的能力，逐渐治好女主。
Without a doubt, this miracle doctor male lead would also eventually fall for Su Tao for some reason and use some kind of cliché "Taiyi Thirteen Needles" ability from urban fantasy novels to gradually heal the heroine's face.
即便抛开后面的剧情不谈，这场宴会对于叶良来说也是重中之重，关乎到他在京城那边的身份和颜面。
Even setting aside the later plot points, this banquet was extremely important to Ye Liang. It was a matter of his status and reputation back in the capital.
可现在，被自己全部破坏掉了。
But now, I've completely ruined it for him.
"加上上次的宴会，怕不是要真的结仇啊！"
"Counting the last banquet, I'm afraid we're going to be real enemies now!"
【太冲动了宿主，男主们有光环笼罩，我们反派不能硬刚啊】
[That was too impulsive, Host. The male leads are protected by a halo. We villains can't fight them head-on.]
"确实冲动了点。"池小橙马后炮地点点头。
"It was a bit impulsive," Chi Xiaocheng admitted, a little too late.
但一想到苏桃在天台上崩溃地哀求自己，并俯身顺从的一幕，池小橙就忍不住兴奋起来。
But when she thought of the scene on the rooftop—Su Tao, broken and begging, bowing down in submission—Chi Xiaocheng couldn't help but feel a thrill of excitement.
"虽然冲动，但很值啊！"
"It was impulsive, but so worth it!"
况且两千多情绪值，足够她进行两次十连抽了！
Besides, with over two thousand Emotion Points, she had enough for two ten-pulls!
她算是亲身体验过系统技能的强悍了，这东西对自己来说简直是越多越好。
She had personally experienced how powerful the system's skills were; for her, the more, the better.
抽卡暂时不急，眼下让池小橙上心的，是伏在床边的女孩。
Pulling cards could wait. Right now, what caught Chi Xiaocheng's attention was the girl resting by her bed.
苏桃坐在一张小凳子上，双手交叠，半边俏脸贴在手臂，就这样伏在池小橙的床边睡着了。
Su Tao was sitting on a small stool, her arms crossed on the bed, her pretty face resting against them as she slept by Chi Xiaocheng's side.
但这不是重点，重点是过于红润的脸色和额头的一抹退烧贴。
But that wasn't the main point. The main point was her flushed face and the fever-reducing patch on her forehead.
她发烧了。
She had a fever.
【自从把你送到医院，除了洗澡换了套衣服外就寸步不离地守在这里，后来发现发烧39度整，匆忙吃了点药后又继续坐在这里，想必是累坏了】
[Ever since she brought you to the hospital, she hasn't left your side, except to take a shower and change her clothes. Later, she found out she had a fever of exactly 39 degrees. She quickly took some medicine and came right back to sit here. She must be exhausted.]
"你不是反派系统吗，看到她这样受苦你不高兴？"
"Aren't you a villain system? Aren't you happy to see her suffer like this?"
【宿主你不懂，我想要的反派桥段不是这种桥段】
[You don't understand, Host. This isn't the kind of villainous plot I want to see.]
和系统拌嘴的同时，池小橙心中更多的其实是安心和温暖。
While bickering with the system, Chi Xiaocheng's heart was actually filled with warmth and a sense of peace.
送自己来医院以后其实就可以去休息了，最好就是自己醒来后第一时间赶过来关心。
She could have gone to rest after bringing me to the hospital. The best she could have done was to rush over the moment I woke up to check on me.
在昏倒前，池小橙认为这样的照顾已经很不错了。
Before she fainted, Chi Xiaocheng thought that level of care would have been more than enough.
谁能想到，即便高烧，苏桃竟然依旧在自己身边守着。
Who would have thought that even with a high fever, Su Tao would still stay and watch over her.
要不为什么说女主是万人迷的白月光呢？
Why else would people say the heroine is the beloved, unattainable girl of everyone's dreams?
池小橙艰难地伸出手，轻轻抚上苏桃的半边侧脸。
With some difficulty, Chi Xiaocheng reached out her hand and gently caressed the side of Su Tao's face.
温度有些高，但肌肤细腻无比，传来的阵阵触感让人爱不释手。
Her skin was a bit warm, but it was incredibly smooth. The feeling was so nice that she didn't want to let go.
几缕乌黑的秀发垂下，配上灯光的映衬，不施粉黛便已倾国倾城，要是好好打扮一下，又有几个人能抵挡得住她的魅力呢？
A few strands of black hair fell across her face. Under the lights, she was stunningly beautiful even without any makeup. If she were to dress up properly, how many people could possibly resist her charm?
池小橙自己也很漂亮，但可爱二字就已经可以将她的外表概括得差不多了。
Chi Xiaocheng was also very pretty, but her looks could mostly be summed up in one word: cute.
可苏桃不一样，惊鸿一瞥后亦是越看越耐看的类型。
But Su Tao was different. She was the type of beauty that grew on you the more you looked at her, even after that first breathtaking glance.
"统子，你说有一天会不会我也和那些男主一样，在苏桃身边待久了，就无可救药地喜欢上她？"
"System, do you think one day I'll be like those male leads and fall hopelessly in love with Su Tao after spending so much time with her?"
【宿主现在不喜欢女主吗？】
[Do you not like the heroine now, Host?]
池小橙没有回答。
Chi Xiaocheng didn't answer.
因为她心里清楚，自己对苏桃是没有恋人般的冲动和喜欢的。
Because she knew in her heart that she didn't have that kind of romantic impulse or affection for Su Tao.
如若自己喜欢她、爱她，也就不会做出像刚刚那样"伤害"到她的举动了。
If she truly liked her, loved her, she wouldn't have done something that "hurt" her like she just did.
毕竟自己又不是真的病娇。
After all, I'm not actually a yandere.
不过除了受原主的记忆影响外，自己穿越而来，顶多也才和这位女主认识两三天而已。
Besides the influence of the original owner's memories, I've only known this heroine for two or three days at most since I came to this world.
伴随着心中思绪，池小橙享受着她温润的侧脸，似乎是用力了一些，小憩的苏桃悠悠转醒。
Lost in thought, Chi Xiaocheng enjoyed the soft warmth of Su Tao's cheek. She must have applied a little too much pressure, as the napping Su Tao slowly began to wake up.
她反应很快，回过神来时已经抓住了池小橙的那只小手，"小橙你没事吧，感觉身体怎么样？"
She reacted quickly. The moment she came to her senses, she had already grabbed Chi Xiaocheng's small hand. "Xiaocheng, are you okay? How are you feeling?"
池小橙露出发自内心的满足笑容，"我没事，谢谢你桃桃。"
A genuinely content smile spread across Chi Xiaocheng's face. "I'm fine. Thank you, Taotao."
苏桃呼了一口气，起身就要为池小橙将被子盖好。
Su Tao let out a breath of relief and stood up to fix the blanket for Chi Xiaocheng.
兴许是她自己也很虚弱，一个踉跄差点没摔倒。
Perhaps because she was also very weak, she staggered and nearly fell.
捂着额头缓了好一会儿后，苏桃才帮池小橙将乱掉的被子盖好，同时伸手摸了一下她的额头，"烧还没退......"
Clutching her forehead, she took a moment to recover before she managed to fix the messy blanket and reach out to touch Chi Xiaocheng's forehead. "The fever hasn't gone down yet..."
"只是有些累而已，我没事的。"池小橙轻轻摇头，茶色的秀发随之摇曳，"能够看到桃桃一直守在我身边，真好。"
"I'm just a little tired, that's all. I'm fine." Chi Xiaocheng shook her head gently, her light brown hair swaying with the movement. "It's so nice to see that Taotao has been by my side the whole time."
苏桃闻言，看向池小橙的眼神躲闪了一下。
Hearing this, Su Tao's gaze flickered away from Chi Xiaocheng for a second.
一直
The whole time.
她抓到了池小橙话语中的重点。
She caught the key word in Chi Xiaocheng's sentence.
同时也听出了这一句话的语气稍微有些意味深长。
And she also noticed that there was a slightly deeper meaning in her tone.
天台上发生的一切，她至今都没完全捋顺。
She still hadn't completely processed everything that had happened on the rooftop.
她踌躇了一下，规避地将视线扭向了门口，"你...你先休息，我去喊医生过来。"
She hesitated for a moment, then looked away towards the door to avoid the topic. "You... you should rest first. I'll go get the doctor."
"嗯~"
"Mhm~"
池小橙轻轻点头，发出可爱的鼻音。
Chi Xiaocheng nodded lightly, making a cute humming sound.
赤瞳中倒映着苏桃离去的孱弱背影。
Her red eyes reflected the image of Su Tao's frail, departing figure.
很乖，也很开心。
So obedient, and so delightful. 