第23章 让女主爱上我
Chapter 23: Making the Heroine Fall for Me
    没多时，苏桃就带着医生走了进来，随着一起来的还有东方阳。
    Before long, 苏桃 walked in with a doctor, and 东方阳 was with them.
    这大半夜没睡他当然不是担心池小橙，而是担心苏桃。
    He hadn't slept for most of the night, not because he was worried about 池小橙, of course, but because he was worried about 苏桃.
    如今见池小橙醒来，他也终于能劝苏桃去好好休息。
    Now that he saw 池小橙 was awake, he could finally persuade 苏桃 to get some proper rest.
    医生率先走了上来，观察了一下池小橙的脸色后，又查了下连在她身上的部分仪器，这才询问道，"现在感觉身体怎么样？"
    The doctor was the first to approach. After checking 池小橙's complexion and looking at some of the monitors connected to her, he asked, "How are you feeling now?"
    "还行。"池小橙如实回答道，"头有点昏胀，浑身虚弱无力，抬个手都有点难，另外稍微有点冷，呼吸是热的，不咳嗽也没有痰。"
    "Okay, I guess," 池小橙 answered honestly. "My head feels a bit groggy, and my whole body is weak. It's even hard to lift my hand. I also feel a little cold, but my breath is warm, and I'm not coughing or anything."
    医生点了点头，"你本来就体虚，现在主要的问题是高烧，除此之外没有什么其他严重性的问题，需要多休息，多补充营养，先住院几天看看情况吧。"
    The doctor nodded. "You were already quite weak, and the main issue now is the high fever. Other than that, there's nothing too serious. You'll need to rest and get plenty of nutrition. Let's have you stay in the hospital for a few days to see how things go."
    "药不能停。"医生说完，沉默了好一会儿后，又瞥了眼苏桃和东方阳，还是犹豫地说道，"另外你手上的伤......这种事情以后不要再做了。"
    "Don't stop taking your medicine," the doctor added. After a moment of silence, he glanced at 苏桃 and 东方阳, then said hesitantly, "Also, about the wounds on your arm... please don't do something like that again."
    医生抬头看了一眼连着池小橙的吊瓶后，又匆匆出去根据醒来的情况进行重新配药。
    The doctor glanced up at the IV drip connected to 池小橙 before hurrying out to adjust her prescription based on her waking condition.
    他一走，苏桃又温柔地坐在了床边的小板凳。
    As soon as he left, 苏桃 gently sat down again on the small stool by the bed.
    东方阳则倚靠在桌子边，一脸玩味的表情，"说说看吧，你到底是什么情况？"
    东方阳 leaned against a table with a playful look on his face. "So, are you going to tell us what's really going on with you?"
    池小橙看了眼东方阳，将小脑袋扭到一边，"不想说。"
    池小橙 glanced at 东方阳 and turned her head away. "I don't want to talk about it."
    "你——"
    "You—"
    东方阳抿着笑容，深吸了一口气，"你这家伙，今晚闹了那么大的事情还打算什么都不说吗，苏桃因为你都发高烧了，叶良恐怕杀了你的心都有了。"
    东方阳 held back a smile and took a deep breath. "You little troublemaker. After causing such a huge scene tonight, you're planning to say nothing at all? 苏桃 has a high fever because of you, and I bet 叶良 is just about ready to kill you."
    "对不起..."
    "I'm sorry..."
    池小橙又垂着脑袋，看向了苏桃，声音也软糯了下来。
    池小橙 lowered her head again, her gaze falling on 苏桃 as her voice softened.
    这句话是对苏桃说的。
    That was meant for 苏桃.
    一对赤瞳没有往日的妖艳，丝丝水雾弥漫让人心中一软。
    Her crimson eyes lacked their usual charm; instead, they were misty with tears, enough to soften anyone's heart.
    苏桃温柔地牵住了池小橙的一只手，回头对东方阳说道，"好了你先别说了，先让小橙休息吧。"
    苏桃 gently took one of 池小橙's hands and turned to 东方阳. "Alright, that's enough from you. Let 小橙 rest for now."
    东方阳无奈地看了眼二人，长叹一口气，"算了，苏桃你也赶紧休息吧，你的身子不比池小橙这家伙好到哪去。"
    东方阳 gave them a helpless look and let out a long sigh. "Fine. But 苏桃, you should get some rest too. You're not in much better shape than this one here."
    "嗯嗯，我再陪一会儿小橙，等她睡着了我就去睡。"
    "Okay, okay. I'll stay with 小橙 a little longer. I'll go to sleep once she does."
    她的病房就在隔壁，她心底清楚现在应该率先安抚池小橙的情绪。
    Her own room was right next door. She knew that the most important thing right now was to calm 池小橙's emotions.
    池小橙当然也很想睡，又累又困，只是苏桃在身边，她又想多看看这位顶着高烧也要照顾自己的少女。
    Of course, 池小橙 wanted to sleep. She was exhausted and drowsy, but with 苏桃 by her side, she wanted to look a little longer at the girl who was taking care of her despite having a high fever herself.
    心中倒是有些话想和苏桃说。
    There were things she wanted to say to 苏桃.
    只是东方阳在这，池小橙也就熄了这个心思。
    But with 东方阳 here, 池小橙 gave up on the idea.
    在医生过来换吊瓶后，她终究是没能撑下去，被苏桃哄着睡着了。
    After the doctor came to change her IV drip, she finally couldn't hold on any longer and was lulled to sleep by 苏桃.
    确认池小橙真的睡着了，苏桃这才站起身，轻轻将她的小手塞到被子里盖住，又柔和地为她将散乱垂落到脸颊边的秀发抚平。
    Once she was sure 池小橙 was truly asleep, 苏桃 stood up, gently tucked her small hand under the blanket, and softly brushed the stray strands of hair from her cheek.
    这才带着东方阳，悄悄地出了门。
    Only then did she quietly leave the room with 东方阳.
    而后捂着脑袋，强忍身体上的虚弱与不适，"东方阳，今晚谢谢你了，没有你的话我真的不知道怎么办。"
    Clutching her head, she fought against her own weakness and discomfort. "东方阳, thank you for tonight. I really don't know what I would have done without you."
    一路走来，他真的帮了太多了。
    He had truly helped her so much along the way.
    被苏桃夸奖感谢，东方阳唇角轻轻上扬，心中不由多了一抹甜蜜，"既然是跟你有关的事情，我也不能坐视不管，你先好好休息吧，我会吩咐人照看你们的。"
    Praised and thanked by 苏桃, the corners of 东方阳's lips curved up slightly, a sweet feeling blooming in his heart. "If it has to do with you, I can't just stand by and do nothing. You should get some rest now. I'll arrange for someone to look after you both."
    "嗯，改天我再请你吃饭。"
    "Okay, I'll treat you to dinner some other day."
    "好。"
    "It's a date."
    如是苏桃一个人生病，东方阳又如此尽心尽责地陪伴与关心，她恐怕会对东方阳好感大增。
    If 苏桃 had been sick alone, with 东方阳 being so dedicated and caring, she might have developed strong feelings for him.
    只是现在她的一门心思都在池小橙身上。
    But right now, all her thoughts were on 池小橙.
    对东方阳更多是感激之情。
    What she felt for 东方阳 was mostly gratitude.
    儿女情长，她脑子乱到都没去想这些事情。
    Her mind was too much of a mess to even think about romance.
    扶着墙走入病房，却是久久不能入睡。
    Leaning on the wall, she walked into her hospital room but found it impossible to fall asleep for a long, long time.
    第二天早上8点，休息了一晚的池小橙被一位小护士叫醒，又在她的帮忙下洗漱、换药、吃早餐。
    The next morning at 8 a.m., after a night of rest, 池小橙 was woken by a young nurse who then helped her wash up, change her bandages, and eat breakfast.
    一切就绪后已经9点，吃过东西后她的脸色好了许多。
    By the time everything was done, it was already 9 a.m. After eating, the color in her face looked much better.
    精气神也绝非昨晚可比。
    Her energy was nothing like the night before.
    她靠在床上，无所事事地拨弄着手机，"算下来，至少在我住院的这几天，还是安全的，叶良也不会为难我，但也要为出院之后做些准备。"
    She leaned against the bed, fiddling with her phone. "All things considered, I should be safe for the few days I'm in the hospital. 叶良 won't give me any trouble. But I need to prepare for what happens after I'm discharged."
    "还有苏桃那里，这几天是刷好感度的重要机会，也得想个法子才行。"
    "And then there's 苏桃. These next few days are a golden opportunity to raise her affection for me. I need to come up with a plan."
    这时，脑海中的系统忽然出声。
    Just then, the system in her mind suddenly spoke up.
    【宿主，我有一计，可使局势幽而复明】
    [Host, I have a plan that can turn this dark situation around.]
    【女主现在完全放不下你了，按照宿主昨天的行动，完全可以在这些天继续病娇下去，加深苏桃对宿主的印象】
    [The heroine can't let you go now. Based on your actions yesterday, you can continue to act possessive and unstable, deepening her impression of you.]
    【甚至不用刷好感，以女主的人设，宿主只需要表现出你不听话我就去死的态度，想必能狠狠拿捏她，这个过程再多多进行PUA】
    [You don't even need to raise her affection. With her personality, you just need to act like 'if you don't listen to me, I'll die,' and you'll have her wrapped around your finger. Then you can manipulate her even more.]
    【桀桀桀......】
    [Heh heh heh...]
    听着系统的话，池小橙不由翻了个白眼，"你一下吃几个魂殿长老啊，口气那么大。"
    Listening to the system, 池小橙 couldn't help but roll her eyes. "Who do you think you are, talking so big?"
    她无奈解释自己的想法，"现在这样用病娇的行动去束缚苏桃只是一时的方法，作为朋友她绝不会坐以待毙，而是会想办法去了解我、纠正我，我天天在她面前要死要活的，时间长了又怎么办？"
    She helplessly explained her own thoughts. "Using these unstable actions to trap 苏桃 is only a temporary solution. As a friend, she'd never just stand by. She'll try to understand me and 'fix' me. What happens after a while if I'm constantly threatening to die in front of her?"
    "所以刷好感是刚需。"
    "That's why raising her affection is a must."
    "第一步是让苏桃在意我，将我放在比东方阳、叶良等主角还要高的位置，这一点能有所见效，是我昨晚故意弄的'死亡误会'产生的。"
    "Step one was to make 苏桃 care about me, to put me in a more important position than main characters like 东方阳 and 叶良. The 'death misunderstanding' I staged last night seems to have worked."
    "时间一过她会冷静下来的，现在要做的是趁热打铁。"
    "She'll calm down after a while. Now's the time to strike while the iron is hot."
    "要让她意识到我很可爱，是她的唯一，只有让她爱上我，这样我才能真正得到女主光环的庇护。"
    "I need to make her realize that I'm cute, that I'm her one and only. Only by making her fall in love with me can I truly be protected by her heroine's aura."
    【可我们是反派啊，不应该做点更反派的事情？】
    [But we're the villains! Shouldn't we be doing more villainous things?]
    "低俗！"池小橙轻哼一声，"我可没说我是反派，我虽然计划极端了点，但出发点没问题，你看苏桃的中后期剧情。"
    "How crude!" 池小橙 scoffed. "I never said I was a villain. My plans might be a bit extreme, but my motives are pure. Just look at what happens to 苏桃 in the middle and later parts of the story."
    "被天降女配爆杀，男主背叛，亲人朋友死亡，最后落得个自残而死的下场。"
    "She gets destroyed by a new female character, betrayed by the male lead, her family and friends die, and in the end, she dies by her own hand."
    "我不是为了一己私欲，而是为了救她所以才不得不走极端的路线！"
    "I'm not doing this for my own selfish reasons! I have to take these extreme measures to save her!"
    池小橙说得大义凛然。
    池小橙 said with an air of self-righteousness.
    什么病娇邪恶小萝莉？
    A possessive, evil little girl?
    拜托，我三观超正的好不好！
    Please, my moral compass is perfectly straight, thank you very much!
    正和系统谈得上头，池小橙手机忽然震动了一下。
    Just as she was getting into her debate with the system, her phone suddenly vibrated.
    竟然是陈倩发给自己小号的一条消息。
    It was a message from 陈倩, sent to her alternate account.
    "你到底对苏桃做了什么，她竟然大清早发消息问我这么奇怪的问题？"
    "What on earth did you do to 苏桃? She sent me a message this morning asking the strangest question."
    池小橙眉毛一挑，面露喜色。
    池小橙's eyebrows shot up, a look of delight on her face.
    将陈倩收服并放在苏桃身边才两天，没想到作用这么快就来了。
    It had only been two days since she'd won over 陈倩 and placed her by 苏桃's side, but it was already paying off so quickly.
    刚好她的下一步计划可以展开了！
    Perfect timing. Her next plan could now begin! 