第24章 你知道病娇吗？
Chapter 24: Have You Heard of a Yandere?
早在收服陈倩前，池小橙就想过。
Long before getting 陈倩 on her side, 池小橙 had already thought it through.
苏桃此时面对自己肯定一头雾水，由于自己的特殊性她不会和叶良东方阳等说，那么势必会找其他人询问自己的情况。
苏桃 must be completely confused about her right now. Given how special the situation was, she wouldn't talk to people like 叶良 or 东方阳, so she was bound to ask someone else about what was going on with her.
如今刚入大学两个月，和苏桃关系好的配角里，还在潜伏的陈倩就是其中一个。
They had only been in university for two months, and among the side characters close to 苏桃, a still-undercover 陈倩 was one of them.
只要苏桃询问陈倩有关自己的事情，那么自己的可操作空间就很大了。
As long as 苏桃 asked 陈倩 about her, she would have plenty of room to maneuver.
想到这里，池小橙发消息给陈倩道，"她跟你说了什么？"
Thinking of this, 池小橙 sent a message to 陈倩, "What did she tell you?"
陈倩："说的东西奇奇怪怪的，说什么如果有个人本来挺正常的，忽然变得奇怪了起来，又是发病又是问橙子什么味道什么的。"
陈倩: "She was saying all sorts of weird things. Something about a person who was normal suddenly acting strange, having some kind of episode, and asking what oranges taste like."
陈倩："你玩这么大，而且她说的又是啥意思？"
陈倩: "You're really taking it this far? And what did she even mean by all that?"
池小橙："你为什么认为是我？"
池小橙: "Why do you assume it's me?"
陈倩："你让我在她身边不要露头不就是为了骗她吗，你直接说让我怎么回她吧。"
陈倩: "You told me to stay by her side and keep a low profile, wasn't that all to trick her? Just tell me what you want me to say."
池小橙微微汗颜。
池小橙 felt a bit awkward.
有那么明显吗。
Was it that obvious?
她推了一个微信号过去，"你让苏桃加这个号，这个是专业的心理医生。"
She sent over a WeChat ID. "Have 苏桃 add this contact. It's a professional psychologist."
陈倩："心理医生？"
陈倩: "A psychologist?"
"反正你就说是你认识的熟人，很可靠就行。"
"Just tell her it's an acquaintance of yours, someone very reliable."
池小橙迅速切换了一个微信分身，然后登上了自己的又一个小号。
池小橙 quickly switched to a clone of her WeChat app and logged into another one of her alternate accounts.
这个心理医生正是她搞的号，无论是朋友圈的内容还是联系人，都被她伪装得很好。
This psychologist was, of course, an account she had created. Everything from the social feed to the contact list was perfectly faked.
至于哪里来的手段，这就要归功于上次系统单抽出的一个技能——黑客（中级）。
As for how she managed it, that was all thanks to a skill she had gotten from the system's gacha—Hacker (Intermediate).
池小橙原本没觉得这个技能有多大用处，原主只是普通学生，没有开局负债她已经很庆幸了，根本没钱买一系列的黑客工具。
At first, 池小橙 didn't think this skill would be very useful. The original owner of her body was just an ordinary student. She was already thankful enough not to have started with any debt, so there was certainly no money for a bunch of hacking tools.
肉鸡都没有，当什么黑客？
Without even a single compromised computer, how could she call herself a hacker?
可转念一想，即便没有工具，已经得到了相应的知识，她对自己的信息做一些基础的掩饰还是没问题的。
But on second thought, even without the tools, she now had the knowledge. It wouldn't be a problem to perform some basic cover-ups for her own activities.
比如整了这个比较完美的心理医生小号。
Like creating this nearly perfect psychologist account.
又比如她清楚自己的变化会被东方阳和叶良等人查，所以往外散布了不少能够掩盖自己变得奇怪的信息。
And since she knew people like 东方阳 and 叶良 would look into her recent changes, she had also spread plenty of misinformation to cover up her strange behavior.
比如八零！
For instance, the bullying!
原主一直都有被欺负，池小橙完全可以用被欺负来解释自己的心理变化。
The original owner had always been bullied, so 池小橙 could easily use that to explain her psychological changes.
以苏桃的人设，自己被欺负，肯定会自责没保护好我吧？
With 苏桃's personality, she would definitely blame herself for not protecting her, right?
陈倩虽然不知道池小橙为什么要那样做，但还是按照她的说法，将这个心理医生的微信推荐给了苏桃。
Although 陈倩 didn't know why 池小橙 was doing all this, she followed her instructions and recommended the psychologist's WeChat to 苏桃.
接着又找了几个理由。
She even came up with a few excuses to make it sound convincing.
没多久，苏桃就加上了池小橙的小号。
Before long, 苏桃 had added 池小橙's alternate account.
池小橙侧目看向右边的墙壁，似乎见到了苏桃坐在病床上拿着手机，微皱秀眉的可爱模样。
池小橙 glanced sideways at the wall, almost able to picture 苏桃 on her hospital bed, phone in hand, her cute brow furrowed in thought.
唇角浅浅地扬起一个笑容，率先发了消息过去。
A faint smile touched her lips as she sent the first message.
成医生："你好（握手）。"
Dr. Cheng: "Hello. (handshake)"
桃子："医生您好，非常抱歉打扰到您。"
Peach: "Hello, Doctor. I'm very sorry to bother you."
成医生："没事，作为医生为患者排忧解难是正常的，更何况你还是我那远房侄女推荐来的，有什么问题就先说吧。"
Dr. Cheng: "It's no problem. Helping patients with their troubles is what a doctor does. Besides, you were recommended by my distant niece. Go ahead and tell me what the issue is."
桃子："是这样的，我有一个朋友，因为某些事情她身边有个人变得非常奇怪，我稍微整理一下语言，尽量简短一点跟您说。"
Peach: "It's like this... I have a friend, and because of certain things, someone close to her has started acting very strangely. Let me organize my thoughts and I'll try to explain it to you as briefly as possible."
看到这条消息，池小橙"噗嗤"一下，笑了出声。
Seeing this message, 池小橙 let out a small "pfft" and laughed.
经典你有一个朋友。
The classic "I have a friend..."
"桃桃，这么单纯可是很容易被骗的呀。"
"Oh, 桃桃, you're so naive. It makes you so easy to trick."
池小橙果断拆穿了苏桃的伪装，"桃子小姐，我是医生，咱们又是素不相识的两个人，兴许你认为我水平不行，咱们就互删了，没必要遮遮掩掩的，你不如实告诉我，我怎么具体分析呢？"
池小橙 decisively exposed 苏桃's little act. "Miss Peach, I'm a doctor, and we are strangers. If you think I'm not qualified, we can just delete each other. There's no need to hide things. If you don't tell me the real situation, how can I give you a proper analysis?"
一串长句，让隔壁病房的苏桃面红耳赤。
This long string of words made 苏桃, in the next room, blush with embarrassment.
她下意识地不想去面对池小橙那样奇怪的状态。
She instinctively didn't want to face 池小橙's strange behavior head-on.
这种事情说起来又不太好。
And it was such an awkward thing to talk about.
"唉，她都推荐她的远房叔叔帮我了，我也不能辜负她的一片好意啊！"
"Sigh... she went out of her way to recommend her distant uncle to help me. I can't let her good intentions go to waste!"
于是苏桃放平了心态。
So, 苏桃 calmed herself down.
和池小橙这位"成医生"聊起了这段时间发生的事情。
And began telling this "Dr. Cheng" everything that had happened recently.
先是地下室，然后是天台。
First the basement, then the rooftop.
并且着重说明了池小橙有较为严重的自我伤害倾向。
She made sure to emphasize that 池小橙 had a rather serious tendency for self-harm.
最后，她询问道："医生，您认为她为什么会变成那样呢？"
Finally, she asked, "Doctor, why do you think she has become like this?"
池小橙假装思考了好一会儿，打字问道，"一个人的性格的巨大转变一定是发生了某些不可接受的事情后，才会渐渐产生变化的。"
池小橙 pretended to think for a moment before typing her reply, "A person's personality only changes so drastically after they've experienced something unacceptable."
"你那个朋友，有因为你的某种事情而产生过落差吗？"
"This friend of yours... has she ever felt a deep sense of disappointment because of something you did?"
苏桃看到这条消息，瞬间就想到了池小橙说的喜欢她。
When 苏桃 saw this message, she immediately thought of how 池小橙 had confessed to liking her.
于是回道，"有的，从小时候开始我们一起长大，当时她被人欺负，是我帮了她，那个时候她就有点心理问题，很没安全感。"
So she replied, "Yes. We grew up together since we were little. Back then, she was being bullied, and I was the one who helped her. Even at that time, she had some psychological issues and was very insecure."
"所以我经常会跟她说一些诸如'你是我最重要的人'、'我是永远不会离开你的'之类这样的话安慰她，虽然实际上我也是这么想的。"
"So I would often say things to comfort her like, 'You're the most important person to me,' or 'I'll never leave you,' although, I really did mean it."
"很多年都没什么问题，现在上了大学，有不少男生追求我了，她因为这个事情产生了误会，于是就自我伤害着说什么喜欢我，让我别去找别人之类的这种话。"
"For many years, everything was fine. But now that we're in university, a lot of guys have started pursuing me. She misunderstood because of this and started hurting herself, saying she likes me and telling me not to be with anyone else."
"医生，有没有可能是小橙她对我产生了错误的感情啊？"
"Doctor, is it possible that... that 小橙 has developed the wrong kind of feelings for me?"
错误的感情？
The wrong kind of feelings?
当然没有了。
Of course not.
我可是超喜欢桃桃你啊！
I love you so, so much, my dear 桃桃!
在心底感叹一句，池小橙一脸正经地打字回道，"也有这个可能，长期缺爱，没有安全感，会误将依赖认为是喜欢。"
While sighing internally, 池小橙 typed back with a serious expression, "That is a possibility. A long-term lack of affection and security can lead someone to mistake dependence for love."
桃子："果然是这样的吧，毕竟我们两个都是女孩子，她说喜欢我什么的，实在是让我有些头疼。"
Peach: "I knew it. After all, we're both girls. Her saying she likes me... it's just giving me a headache."
成医生："但那种可能性很小，按照你说的她强迫你说喜欢她，又想要跳楼，我觉得她可能是真的喜欢你。"
Dr. Cheng: "But that's not very likely. Based on what you said about her forcing you to say you like her and threatening to jump off the roof, I think she probably is genuinely in love with you."
桃子："啊？"
Peach: "Huh?"
桃子："可...可是我们俩都是女生。"
Peach: "But... but we're both girls."
成医生："这不是重点。"
Dr. Cheng: "That's not the point."
桃子："这这...这还不是重点吗？"
Peach: "Th-that's... that's not the point?"
成医生："我接待过无数病人，因为同性感情问题的多了去了，在我看来很正常，只要有爱，性别照样可以跨越。"
Dr. Cheng: "I've seen countless patients with issues related to same-sex relationships. From my perspective, it's quite normal. As long as there is love, gender can be overcome."
成医生："说远了，重点是你那个小橙的病情。"
Dr. Cheng: "But I'm getting sidetracked. The point is your 小橙's condition."
成医生："以我多年的经验来看，她十有八九是离不开你了，这是一种不健全的心理疾病，严重程度堪比常见的抑郁症。"
Dr. Cheng: "From my years of experience, I'd say she has, in all likelihood, become completely dependent on you. This is an unhealthy psychological condition, as serious as common depression."
隔壁房间，苏桃呆了一下，因为彻底被池小橙引导了话题，甚至没注意到聊天消息中的一些漏洞。
In the next room, 苏桃 froze for a moment. She had been so completely led by 池小橙's topic that she didn't even notice some of the holes in the chat messages.
只是着急问道，"医生，您就别卖关子了。"
She just asked anxiously, "Doctor, please don't keep me in suspense."
成医生："桃子小姐你先别着急，不知道你有没有听说过病娇这类人？"
Dr. Cheng: "Miss Peach, please don't be anxious. I wonder, have you ever heard of a 'yandere'?"
"病娇？"
"A yandere?" 