第25章 你喜欢过她吗？
Chapter 25: Did You Ever Like Her?
苏桃还是第一次听到这个词。
It was the first time 苏桃 had ever heard the term.
她没接触过泛ACG文化，也不像普通人一样安定地长大。
She had never been exposed to otaku culture, nor had she grown up with the stability of a typical person.
从小就是孤儿，还经常要为生活而奔波，在没捡到池小橙之前，她都是跟一个捡垃圾的老奶奶一起过。
An orphan from a young age, she constantly had to struggle to get by. Before she found 池小橙, she lived with an old woman who collected garbage.
老奶奶儿子不管她，也没有孙子，腿脚不便，跟她一起也算是相互照顾，正因为老奶奶的教导，她小小年纪就很懂事。
The old woman's son didn't care for her and she had no grandchildren. Her legs were weak, so living with 苏桃 was a way for them to look after each other. Thanks to the old woman's guidance, she became very sensible at a young age.
只是老奶奶走得早，带她熬过了最艰难的一个时期后，就撒手人寰。
But the old woman passed away early, leaving the world after helping her through the most difficult period.
接而在小学遇到了被霸凌的池小橙。
Then, in elementary school, she met 池小橙, who was being bullied.
池小橙家同样很贫穷，但还是接纳了她。
池小橙's family was also very poor, but they still took her in.
之后她除了打工外就是努力学习，儿时偶尔的快乐还是池小橙带来的，每次听到身后有个可爱的小家伙喊着她姐姐，她就觉得不管怎样都值。
After that, besides working part-time jobs, she focused on studying hard. The occasional moments of happiness in her childhood came from 池小橙. Every time she heard the cute little girl calling her "big sister" from behind, she felt it was all worth it.
直到现在，她的兴趣爱好依旧是看书听音乐之类的。
Even now, her hobbies were still things like reading books and listening to music.
不刷剧，不看小说，游戏也不玩，更别说什么视频直播了，接触互联网更多还是看新闻。
She didn't binge-watch shows, read novels, or play games, let alone watch live streams. Her main use of the internet was to read the news.
当池小橙提出病娇的概念时，她立马就上网去搜了。
So when 池小橙 brought up the concept of "yandere," she immediately went online to search for it.
期间池小橙也不着急，慢慢等苏桃回复。
Meanwhile, 池小橙 wasn't in a hurry. She waited patiently for 苏桃 to reply.
而在隔壁病房，苏桃看着搜出来的信息，目瞪口呆。
In the next hospital room, 苏桃 stared at the search results, completely stunned.
"按照小橙表现出来的模样，好像真的是医生说的病娇？"
"Based on how 小橙 has been acting, could she really be what the doctor called a 'yandere'?"
"这在网上居然还是萌属性！"
"And to think this is considered a 'moe' trait online!"
苏桃傻眼了。
苏桃 was dumbfounded.
无论是地下室还是天台，她都深感池小橙那奇怪状态的恐怖。
Whether it was in the basement or on the rooftop, she had felt the terror of 池小橙's strange state firsthand.
可在网友看来，这居然是属于二次元中的讨人喜欢的属性。
But in the eyes of netizens, it was actually a likable trait from the world of 2D characters.
她看着注释，一字一字念了出来，"A sick, twisted mentality born from a distorted love, leaning towards possessiveness with extreme thoughts or behaviors, leading to drastic actions that are beyond normal comprehension..."
"过激言行又指疯狂示爱、排他、跟踪、得不到就毁掉、自伤等极端行为。"
"Drastic actions include things like obsessive displays of affection, being exclusive, stalking, destroying what they can't have, and self-harm..."
"嘶！"
She sucked in a sharp breath.
苏桃仔细想了想，小橙不就是这样的吗。
苏桃 thought about it carefully. Wasn't 小橙 exactly like this?
示爱、排他、自伤，简直完美符合！
Obsessive affection, exclusivity, self-harm—it was a perfect match!
"这样的扭曲网友到底是怎么觉得是萌点的，难道大家都没有人爱吗？"
"How on earth could netizens find this kind of twisted personality cute? Is everyone that desperate for love?"
然后，苏桃又搜了一下病娇能治吗。
Then, 苏桃 searched for whether "yandere" could be cured.
很少有医生在这方面给出说法，因为病娇在现实指代的也是精神病的一种。
Very few doctors offered opinions on this, because in reality, "yandere" was a type of mental illness.
这不搜还好，一搜又吓了一跳。
She shouldn't have searched. The results gave her another shock.
如果足够极端，病娇还会黑化，不少网友举的病娇例子都是把人大卸八块然后塞冰箱里，看得苏桃那是头皮发麻。
If extreme enough, a yandere could "go dark." Many examples netizens gave involved dismembering someone and stuffing them in a fridge, which made 苏桃's scalp tingle with fear.
好一会儿后，苏桃才抱着期望去寻找这位"成医生"。
After a while, 苏桃 turned back to "Dr. 成" with a glimmer of hope.
桃子："医生我刚刚去了解了一下什么是病娇，感觉我的朋友有点严重，您有解决方法吗？"
Peach: "Doctor, I just looked up what a yandere is. I think my friend's case is quite serious. Do you have a solution?"
成医生："当然，老夫会诊三十年，什么场面没见过，处理病娇是我的强项。"
Dr. 成: "Of course. I've been a consultant for thirty years, there's nothing I haven't seen. Dealing with yandere is my specialty."
桃子："那太好了，您这边怎么收费啊？"
Peach: "That's wonderful! How do you charge for your services?"
成医生："不着急，现在还是咨询阶段，我会根据你的朋友情况给出一些初步的治疗意见，你觉得有用了咱们再深入探讨，不过这方面的治疗很少药物辅助。"
Dr. 成: "No need to rush. We're still in the consultation phase. I'll give you some preliminary treatment advice based on your friend's situation. If you find it useful, we can discuss it further. However, treatment for this rarely involves medication."
成医生："对于这类精神病人，更需要你用行动和言语来进行精神上的治疗。"
Dr. 成: "For this type of mental condition, what's more important is psychological treatment through your actions and words."
苏桃闻言，心中安心了不少。
Hearing this, 苏桃 felt a great sense of relief.
陈倩不愧是自己好闺蜜，对自己真好。
陈倩 was truly a great friend; she was so good to her.
介绍的叔叔不仅有实力，还认真负责，她刚刚还担心对方会不会狮子大开口。
The uncle she introduced was not only skilled but also conscientious. She had just been worried that he would ask for an exorbitant fee.
毕竟她确实没有钱，对方要很多钱的话她就只能去借了。
After all, she really didn't have any money. If he asked for a lot, she would have to borrow it.
脸上露出认真的小表情，苏桃回复道，"那就麻烦成医生您了。"
With a serious expression on her face, 苏桃 replied, "Then I'll be counting on you, Dr. 成."
池小橙唇角上扬，轻轻打了个响指。
A smile played on 池小橙's lips as she snapped her fingers softly.
拿捏！
Got her.
现在自己完全可以配合着医生的身份，去定制更好的病娇计划，让苏桃不得不因为"治疗"自己，而去做一些更大胆的举措。
Now she could perfectly use the persona of a doctor to create a better "yandere plan," forcing 苏桃 to take bolder actions for the sake of "treating" her.
而她先前给自己伪造的人设此刻就派上用场了。
The persona she had created for herself earlier was now coming in handy.
她打字对苏桃说道，"桃子小姐，病娇也分很多种，在我看来，你这位朋友应当是依存型，但她有过绑架你的例子，不出意外还会有些独占型的属性。"
She typed to 苏桃, "Miss 桃子, there are many types of yandere. In my opinion, your friend seems to be the dependent type, but since she has a history of kidnapping you, she likely has some possessive traits as well."
成医生："不过你说她大部分时间比较正常，应该是以依存型为主，独占型较少。"
Dr. 成: "However, you mentioned she's normal most of the time, so she is likely primarily the dependent type, with fewer possessive traits."
"前者对你产生畸形的爱意以后逐渐依赖你，如果你离开了她或者没将她放在心中的第一位，她会产生各种消极的情绪，严重点会有轻生倾向。"
"The former develops a distorted love for you and gradually becomes dependent. If you leave her or don't make her the number one priority in your heart, she will experience various negative emotions, and in serious cases, may become suicidal."
苏桃回忆了一下昨晚天台的种种，立刻认同了池小橙说的话。
苏桃 recalled the events on the rooftop from last night and immediately agreed with what 池小橙 said.
成医生："而独占型常常表现为扭曲的爱意和强烈的占有欲，对方会想让自己喜欢的人成为自己的物品，口舌无用大多采取囚禁的手段。"
Dr. 成: "The possessive type, on the other hand, often displays twisted affection and a strong desire for ownership. They want to make the person they like their possession, and words are often useless, so they usually resort to confinement."
"好消息是她独占型的属性偏少，对你的依赖不会造成社会性的危害，只要你对她好一点，多顺着她的想法去，她不会表现得太过分的。"
"The good news is that her possessive traits are minor, so her dependence on you won't cause any harm to society. As long as you are kind to her and go along with her wishes, she won't act too excessively."
说话期间，池小橙又给苏桃发去了各个病娇属性的注释。
As she spoke, 池小橙 sent 苏桃 descriptions of various other yandere types.
例如排除型和攻击型，动不动就杀人那就太恐怖了。
For example, the eliminatiom and aggressive types, who would resort to murder at the drop of a hat, were terrifying.
可即便如此，依旧是让苏桃头疼。
But even so, this was still giving 苏桃 a headache.
她犹豫了一小会儿，还是对成医生问了心里一直迈不过去的问题，"医生，那按照您的意思，小橙说是喜欢我，那治疗的话......"
After hesitating for a moment, she asked Dr. 成 the question she couldn't get past, "Doctor, by your logic, if 小橙 says she likes me, then for the treatment..."
成医生："你喜欢她吗？"
Dr. 成: "Do you like her?"
桃子："呃...那个，我说了我们都是女生。"
Peach: "Uh... well, I told you, we're both girls."
成医生："我也说了这不是重点。"
Dr. 成: "And I told you that's not the point."
桃子："这就是重点啊！"
Peach: "It is the point!"
桃子："您是医生可能觉得没什么，可我是当事人，两个女孩子什么的，这这这...这不对吧？"
Peach: "You're a doctor, so maybe you don't think it's a big deal, but I'm the one involved! Two girls... this... this isn't right, is it?"
池小橙看着苏桃字里行间的慌张，勾起从容的笑容，"真是一点都不懂啊，可爱的女孩子就是这个世界上的瑰宝，两个可爱的女孩子岂不是双倍的快乐？"
Watching the panic between 苏桃's words, 池小橙 smiled calmly. "She really doesn't get it at all. Cute girls are the treasures of this world, so wouldn't two cute girls be double the joy?"
她继续打字，以成医生的口吻道，"其实你陷入了误区，你完全没必要真的去喜欢她，只需要顺着她的喜欢假装在意她就好了。"
She continued typing in the persona of Dr. 成, "Actually, you've fallen into a common misconception. You don't have to genuinely like her. You just need to go along with her feelings and pretend to care."
苏桃眼前一亮："对呀，医生这确实是个办法，率先安抚她的情绪，然后在治疗中慢慢地让她走出心结，等她恢复正常就行了对吧。"
苏桃's eyes lit up. "Right! Doctor, that is a good idea! First, I can soothe her emotions, and then, during the treatment, I can slowly help her overcome her issues. I just need to wait until she's back to normal, right?"
成医生："是的，你们一起长大关系也很好的吧，你要是接受不了她，那就用这个方法，假装去喜欢她，但是有一点你需要注意。"
Dr. 成: "Yes. You grew up together and have a good relationship, right? If you can't accept her feelings, then use this method. Pretend to like her. But there is one thing you need to be careful about."
成医生："病娇往往是很敏锐的，要是让她知道了你是假喜欢她，如果她心理崩溃的话会有比较严重的后果。"
Dr. 成: "Yandere types are often very perceptive. If she finds out you're only pretending to like her, the consequences of her mental breakdown could be severe."
桃子："这......"
Peach: "That..."
成医生："所以我才问你到底喜不喜欢她，这点是非常重要的，如果你真的一点喜欢都没有，想伪装可能比较难。"
Dr. 成: "That's why I asked if you like her. It's a very important point. If you truly don't have any feelings for her at all, it might be difficult to pretend."
成医生："你真的一点都没有喜欢过她吗？"
Dr. 成: "Have you really never, not even for a moment, liked her?" 