第26章 你喜欢吗？
Chapter 26: Do You Like It?
"喜欢吗......"
"Like her...?"
苏桃放下手机，靠着枕头，缕缕秀发垂到肩头，她惆怅地看着天花板，渐渐出神。
Su Tao put down her phone and leaned against the pillow. Strands of her hair cascaded over her shoulders as she stared wistfully at the ceiling, lost in thought.
看不得她受伤。
I can't bear to see her hurt.
是很重要的人。
She's a very important person.
想她陪在自己身边。
I want her to be with me.
苏桃脑海中闪过诸多回忆，最终还是渐渐定格在了小学时，那只天真可爱的小萝莉眨巴着映红的眼眸，小心翼翼地喊着自己"姐姐"的画面。
A flood of memories washed over Su Tao, finally settling on a scene from elementary school: a sweet, innocent little girl with reddish, tear-filled eyes, timidly calling her "Big Sister."
她呼了一口气，又打字道，"恋人间的喜欢我认为是没有，我更多是把她当成妹妹来看待吧。"
She let out a sigh and typed, "I don't think it's the kind of 'like' between lovers. I see her more as a little sister."
池小橙看着这一句话，心中暗道果然。
Chi Xiaocheng read the sentence and thought to herself, 'I knew it.'
现在的情况，单论恋爱那边的好感度来说，东方阳可能都比自己要高。
As things stood now, in terms of romantic feelings, 东方阳 probably had a bigger lead than her.
不过整体的分量，他们并不如自己。
But in terms of overall importance, they couldn't compare to her.
池小橙换了一个角度去问："桃子小姐，那你觉得那位小橙漂亮吗，如果作为对象你会不会拒绝？"
Chi Xiaocheng tried a different angle: "Miss Taozi, do you think this 小橙 is pretty? If she wanted to be your girlfriend, would you say no?"
桃子："欸？"
Taozi: "Huh?"
桃子："小橙当然是很漂亮的，放在她身上可爱来形容会更好吧，在外貌条件上她并不差，只是你说后面的问题，我也不知道。"
Taozi: "小橙 is definitely pretty, though 'cute' is probably a better word for her. She's not lacking in looks at all. But as for your other question... I don't know."
没有真正经历过，又怎能直言能不能接受对方？
How could she say for sure if she could accept her without ever having been in that situation?
即便做出假设，苏桃也是犹豫无比。
Even when just imagining it, Su Tao was extremely hesitant.
人是一种很奇怪的动物。
People are strange creatures.
当面临两种乃至更多选择的时候，就会陷入犹豫，认为自己举棋不定。
When faced with two or more choices, they hesitate, thinking they're just indecisive.
事实是，当你犹豫要不要去做一件事的时候，其实你内心已经有了选择，只是你还没有充足的理由去说服自己。
The truth is, when you hesitate about doing something, you've already made a choice deep down. You just haven't found a good enough reason to convince yourself yet.
很简单的例子，你天天熬夜看小说，刷视频，偶尔会想不能这样堕落了，思考要不要明天早起然后改变自己。
A simple example: you stay up all night reading novels and watching videos. Occasionally, you think you can't go on like this and consider waking up early tomorrow to change your ways.
但往往会犹豫要不要再熬一晚。
But you often hesitate, wondering if you should just stay up for one more night.
当产生犹豫，就证明你已经想继续熬下去了。
The moment you hesitate, it proves you already want to keep staying up.
然后躲在小被窝，侧躺枕着手，手机屏幕的光不算很亮，照亮着那张傻笑的帅脸。
And so you hide under your little blanket, lying on your side with your head on your hand, the soft glow of your phone screen lighting up your silly, smiling face.
见苏桃犹豫，池小橙心底门清，对方并不是一点感觉都没有。
Seeing Su Tao's hesitation, Chi Xiaocheng knew perfectly well that she wasn't completely without feelings for her.
有这样的苗头，就能燃烧成燎原之火。
A small spark like this could be fanned into a wildfire.
计划是可行的。
The plan was viable.
她打字诱导道："桃子小姐，你的情况我大概明白了，假装喜欢她这件事其实是可行的，根据你的说法，对方喜欢你是一方面，另一方面是对你的依赖，想让你将她视为唯一。"
She typed, trying to guide her: "Miss Taozi, I think I understand your situation. Pretending to like her is actually a workable strategy. From what you've said, she likes you, but she's also very dependent on you and wants to be your one and only."
"你只要从后者出发就好了，言语和行动上多哄一下她，不需要真的喜欢，让她产生一种你很在乎她的感觉就好了。"
"You just need to focus on the dependency part. Coax her a little with your words and actions. You don't have to genuinely like her in that way, just make her feel like you care about her a lot."
"然后在她情绪稳定时，就可以进行调节。"
"Then, once her emotions have stabilized, you can start to guide her."
桃子："好的，谢谢医生，用药方面呢？"
Taozi: "Okay, thank you, Doctor. What about medication?"
成医生："我不清楚她的身体情况，不敢胡乱开药，需要的话我最多给你一些没什么副作用，能稳定情绪的常用药给你，可以的话你最好找个心理医生给她看看。"
Dr. Cheng: "I'm not familiar with her physical condition, so I can't just prescribe something. If you need, I can at most give you some common, low-side-effect mood stabilizers. If possible, it would be best for you to find a psychiatrist for her."
桃子："我明白了。"
Taozi: "I understand."
成医生："嗯，有什么问题你可以继续来找我，尽力救治每一个病人是我们作为医生的责任，虽然我不能根据她身体情况开药，但一些精神上的问题我会教你如何解决的。"
Dr. Cheng: "Mm, if you have any more problems, you can always come to me. It's our duty as doctors to do our best to help every patient. Even though I can't prescribe medication for her condition, I can teach you how to handle some of the psychological issues."
桃子："非常感谢您！"
Taozi: "Thank you so much!"
聊天结束，池小橙放下手机。
The chat ended, and Chi Xiaocheng put down her phone.
她清楚，以苏桃的性格，自己只要作为成医生去多和她聊几次，获取对方的信任，说的很多话她都会听的吧？
She knew that with Su Tao's personality, as long as she, acting as Dr. Cheng, chatted with her a few more times and gained her trust, Su Tao would listen to almost anything she said, right?
现在不喜欢没关系。
It doesn't matter if you don't like me now.
以后可还长着呢。
There's still a long future ahead of us.
而另一边，苏桃在整理好情绪后，也下床活动了一下。
Meanwhile, after composing herself, Su Tao got out of bed and moved around a bit.
她体质本就不差，上学时运动会女子长跑比赛她基本是第一，休息了一晚上后，烧退了不少。
She had always been quite fit—usually coming in first in the girls' long-distance races at school sports days. After a night's rest, her fever had gone down considerably.
她来到池小橙病房前，踌躇着要不要进去。
She walked to Chi Xiaocheng's hospital room, hesitating to go inside.
成医生跟她说的话，影响很大。
What Dr. Cheng had told her had a big impact on her.
小橙的病娇是对外无危害的类型，但她会对自己下手，不能放任不管。
小橙's yandere tendencies weren't harmful to others, but she would hurt herself. Su Tao couldn't let that happen.
还要让她认为自己是喜欢她的。
And she had to make her think that she liked her.
"抱歉啊小橙，我不是要故意玩弄你的感情的。"
"I'm sorry, 小橙," she thought, "I don't mean to play with your feelings."
苏桃闭上眼睛，做足了心理思想后。
Su Tao closed her eyes, mentally preparing herself.
缓缓打开门。
She slowly opened the door.
"小橙，早上好呀，身体怎么样了？"
"Good morning, 小橙. How are you feeling?"
一进门，苏桃就开始关心池小橙的身体，这方面倒不是装的，她比谁都希望池小橙能够恢复如初。
As soon as she entered, Su Tao started asking about Chi Xiaocheng's health. This part wasn't an act; she wanted Chi Xiaocheng to get better more than anyone.
池小橙乖巧地坐在床上，两只小手交叠搭在腹部，蓝白相间的病号服藏住了娇小的身子，她浅浅笑着看向苏桃，"烧还没退，不过精神已经好了很多，桃桃吃早餐了吗？"
Chi Xiaocheng sat obediently on the bed, her small hands folded on her stomach. The blue and white hospital gown hid her petite frame. She smiled faintly at Su Tao. "The fever isn't gone yet, but I feel much better. Have you eaten breakfast, Tao Tao?"
她伸出手就想按铃喊护士姐姐送一份早餐过来。
She reached out to press the call button to ask a nurse to bring a breakfast tray.
可伸出的左手上有着受伤的些许刮痕，抬高的那一瞬，又让苏桃有些心疼。
But the sight of the faint scratches on her outstretched left hand made Su Tao's heart ache.
三步并两步连忙来到池小橙身边，抓住了她的小手，"我已经吃过了，医院有提供早餐，倒是你，没休息够的话可以多睡一会儿。"
She rushed to Chi Xiaocheng's side and took her small hand. "I've already eaten. The hospital provides breakfast. You, on the other hand, should get more sleep if you're not well-rested."
"睡不着欸。"池小橙感受着手背的温暖，又忽然道，"来聊聊天？"
"I can't sleep," Chi Xiaocheng said, feeling the warmth on the back of her hand. Then she suddenly suggested, "Want to chat for a bit?"
"可以啊。"苏桃搬来一张小凳子，坐在池小橙面前，抬头看向她时，又注意到什么。
"Sure." Su Tao pulled over a small stool and sat in front of Chi Xiaocheng. As she looked up at her, she noticed something.
来到她床头边坐下。
She moved to sit on the edge of her bed instead.
"怎么了？"池小橙往后看去，却被苏桃抵住了脑袋。
"What's wrong?" Chi Xiaocheng tried to look behind her, but Su Tao gently held her head in place.
她拿出一只梳子，"别动，起床也不打理一下自己，头发都翘起来了。"
She took out a comb. "Don't move. You didn't even fix your hair after getting up. It's all sticking up."
说罢，便温柔地抚过她的秀发。
With that, she began to gently brush her hair.
池小橙索性就往后靠着，一边享受，一边闲聊，"桃桃你好香啊。"
Chi Xiaocheng leaned back, enjoying the feeling as she chatted, "You smell so good, Tao Tao."
"啊？"苏桃动作顿了一下。
"Huh?" Su Tao's hand paused for a moment.
聊天聊这个的？
Is this what they were going to talk about?
她伸手卷了一下池小橙的秀发，一时间也不知怎么接话，"这...可能是医院沐浴露的味道吧？"
She twirled a strand of Chi Xiaocheng's hair, unsure how to respond. "Uh... maybe it's the smell of the hospital's body wash?"
"不是哦。"池小橙唇角上扬，"我身上就没有桃桃那么香。"
"Nope," Chi Xiaocheng said, the corners of her lips turning up. "I don't smell as good as you do, Tao Tao."
"没...小橙你也...你也挺香的。"
"No... You... you smell nice too, 小橙."
好尴尬啊！
This is so awkward!
苏桃踩在拖鞋上的脚趾都在不断抠动，她一直想和池小橙敞开心扉面对面地好好聊聊。
Su Tao's toes curled inside her slippers. She had always wanted to have a real, heart-to-heart talk with Chi Xiaocheng.
现在有机会了。
Now she finally had the chance.
聊的竟然是谁比较香的话题！
And they were talking about who smelled better!
她迫切地想转移话题，却又不知从何开口。
She desperately wanted to change the subject but didn't know where to start.
好在，池小橙没在谁比较香这方面深究，而是想到了什么似的，顿了一下看向自己的衣服，"说起来，我昨晚醒来的时候发现自己头发干了，衣服也换了，还有个新的手机在这里，谁给我洗的澡呀？"
Fortunately, Chi Xiaocheng didn't press the issue. Instead, she seemed to remember something, pausing to look down at her clothes. "Speaking of which, when I woke up last night, my hair was dry, my clothes were changed, and there was a new phone here. Who gave me a bath?"
苏桃迅速答道，"昨晚倒是我给你洗的澡，手机倒是东方阳帮你换的。"
Su Tao quickly replied, "I was the one who bathed you last night. But it was 东方阳 who got you the new phone."
"那就好，我还以为是别人帮我洗澡呢，要是不干净了桃桃一定会讨厌我吧？"池小橙长长呼了口气，"幸好是桃桃。"
"Oh, that's good. I thought someone else had bathed me. If I wasn't clean, you would definitely hate me, right, Tao Tao?" Chi Xiaocheng let out a long breath. "I'm glad it was you."
苏桃挠了挠脸颊，感觉池小橙说这话怪怪的。
Su Tao scratched her cheek, feeling that Chi Xiaocheng's words were a bit strange.
但想到和成医生的聊天，她还是接话道，"小橙别想太多，我无论如何我都不会讨厌你的。"
But remembering her chat with Dr. Cheng, she replied, "Don't overthink it, 小橙. I would never hate you, no matter what."
安抚的话，这样子应该能稳定小橙吧？
Comforting words like these should be enough to calm 小橙 down, right?
但她没想到，池小橙又顺着他的话问道，"那你喜欢吗？"
But she didn't expect Chi Xiaocheng to follow up with another question, "So, do you like it?"
苏桃错愕，"喜欢什么？"
Su Tao was taken aback. "Like what?"
"我的可爱。"
"My cuteness." 