第27章 她怪可爱的
Chapter 27: She's... Kinda Cute
"This..."
苏桃一时语塞，迅速头脑风暴了起来。
苏桃 was at a loss for words, her mind racing.
如果是普通人，问的意思没准是她的身材是否可爱怎么样之类的。
If it were a normal person asking, they might be wondering if her figure was cute or something like that.
但对象是池小橙，苏桃觉得不能直接回答。
But this was 池小橙. 苏桃 felt she couldn't give a direct answer.
因为池小橙是病娇！
Because 池小橙 was a yandere!
她有自残倾向，想法和别人不一样。
She had self-harming tendencies and didn't think like other people.
回忆了一下之前对病娇的了解，苏桃只感觉自己的两个选项都不太好。
Recalling what she knew about yanderes, 苏桃 felt that neither of her options was good.
A：不喜欢。
A: I don't like it.
小橙可能会误认为我不喜欢她，进而病情恶化，可能会陷入那奇怪的状态，也可能会黑化，更可能崩溃！
小橙 might misunderstand and think I don't like her, which could worsen her condition. She might fall into that strange state again, or have a dark turn, or even have a complete breakdown!
B：喜欢。
B: I like it.
这确实是没什么问题的选项，唯一的问题就是，自己的目的是让小橙不再病娇，假装喜欢她就好，这样直接说的话，会不会加深误会？
This was certainly the safer option. The only problem was that her goal was to cure 小橙 of her yandere tendencies, not just pretend to like her. If she said it directly, would it deepen the misunderstanding?
稍加思考，苏桃也知道这个是送分题，答案只有一个。
After a moment's thought, 苏桃 knew it was an easy question with only one possible answer.
她讪讪回答道，"I do like it."
池小橙又眨了眨眼睛，语气纯真，"What's your favorite part?"
"Uh... your hands. I like your hands."
她眼神心虚，好在此时是处于池小橙侧后方为她整理秀发，不会被看出自己的心虚。
Her eyes darted around guiltily. Luckily, she was standing behind 池小橙, fixing her hair, so her nervousness wouldn't be seen.
不过这样回答，应该能回避过去吧？
This answer should be enough to dodge the question, right?
她如是想着。
She thought to herself.
却又听池小橙幽幽说道，"Since 桃桃 likes them, what if I give my hands to you?"
苏桃动作顿了一下，"Give... them to me?"
池小橙轻轻点头，"Yes. Do you want the left one or the right one, 桃桃? I'll cut it off for you."
骤然间，苏桃心虚的眼神变得慌张了起来，她连忙来到池小橙面前，笑容牵强，语气尽量温柔，"You... you don't have to give them to me. I prefer a healthy and whole 小橙."
"Oh, is that so..."
"Mhm, that's right!"
"Okay, then I'll eat lots of meat and get healthy."
乖巧的笑颜自脸颊绽放，可爱至极。
A sweet, obedient smile bloomed on her face, looking incredibly cute.
看得苏桃一时间都愣了一下。
苏桃 was stunned for a moment.
旋即狂喜。
Then, she was overjoyed.
她好像找到了治疗池小橙的方式！
She thought she had found a way to treat 池小橙!
因为我说喜欢手，误以为要把手砍下来给我我才会高兴。
Because I said I liked her hands, she misunderstood and thought she had to cut them off to make me happy.
现在我说希望她健健康康。
Now that I said I want her to be healthy.
她就真的会努力增加营养恢复身体。
She will actually try to eat well and recover.
原来病娇是这样的啊！
So this is what a yandere is like!
只要多看着点她，好像也不会出什么问题？
As long as I watch her carefully, maybe things will be fine?
看着池小橙眯着眼睛傻笑，一颗尖尖的小虎牙若隐若现，一时间苏桃也露出了一个轻松的笑容。
Watching 池小橙 squint her eyes in a silly smile, a small, sharp canine tooth peeking out, 苏桃 also broke into a relaxed smile.
果然，正常的小橙还是很可爱啊。
As expected, a normal 小橙 is still very cute.
她选择忽略了关于手的问题，二人的氛围融洽下来，也终于开始了正常的聊天。
She chose to ignore the issue with the hands, and the atmosphere between them became harmonious as they finally started a normal conversation.
经过昨天一夜的雨，早晨的窗外渐渐明朗，一抹阳光从窗边洒下，正好落在苏桃身上。
After a night of rain, the morning outside the window was gradually brightening. A ray of sunlight streamed in, falling right on 苏桃.
她穿着病号服，扬着笑容侃侃而谈，轻轻晃动的纤细手指，好似在为池小橙描绘她所说的景象。
She was wearing a hospital gown, talking cheerfully with a smile, her slender fingers moving gently as if painting the scene she was describing for 池小橙.
阳光为她的黑色秀发染上一层金色的余晖，半张侧脸恬静温柔，让池小橙的心不由漏了一拍。
The sunlight cast a golden glow on her black hair, and her serene, gentle profile made 池小橙's heart skip a beat.
"So beautiful."
正聊到学校话题的苏桃听到池小橙的话愣了一下，"What?"
池小橙露出梨涡浅浅，柔声道："I said, I like you!"
苏桃一呆，脑袋不由撇到一边。
苏桃 froze, her head involuntarily turning away.
"Honestly, saying things like that again."
精致的脸蛋出现了一抹红晕，恰好被阳光掩饰，一时间池小橙只觉得，她更好看了。
A blush appeared on her delicate face, conveniently hidden by the sunlight. For a moment, 池小橙 thought she looked even more beautiful.
不过这样温馨暧昧的氛围没持续多久。
But this warm, sweet atmosphere didn't last long.
外面敲了敲门，东方阳和一个医生一起走了进来。
There was a knock on the door, and 东方阳 walked in with a doctor.
医生看了眼池小橙道，"Have the patient's family members been contacted? We need a family signature here."
"Uhm..."
苏桃和东方阳都看向了池小橙。
Both 苏桃 and 东方阳 looked at 池小橙.
昨天就应该签字了，只是情况紧急，加上东方阳这个大少爷的保证，就一直耽搁到了现在。
The papers should have been signed yesterday, but due to the emergency and the guarantee from a young master like 东方阳, it had been delayed until now.
苏桃道，"I was going to contact Brother 池松, but I thought it would be better not to worry them with something like this. So, I decided to wait for you to wake up, 小橙."
池小橙犹豫了一下，问道，"Can't I sign it myself?"
从记忆中得知，原主家境普通，父母世代都是农民，住在不算富裕的村子里，离这九州市很远，根本过不来。
From her memories, she knew the original owner came from an ordinary family. Her parents were farmers for generations, living in a poor village far from Kyushu City, making it impossible for them to come.
作为反派配角，她还有一个同样反派的哥哥。
As a villainous side character, she also had an equally villainous older brother.
在三年前，哥哥从她学校老师中得知池小橙高一成绩很好，两年努力有机会考上985后，刚上大学的他就选择了辍学混社会。
Three years ago, her brother learned from her high school teacher that 池小橙 had excellent grades in her first year and, with two more years of hard work, had a chance to get into a top-tier university. Just after starting college himself, he chose to drop out and enter the workforce.
因为没什么能力又单纯，被人骗了后跟了一个道上的大哥。
Because he was naive and lacked skills, he was deceived and ended up following a gang leader.
两年下来没成什么事，还进过几次局子，但一笔又一笔的学费生活费都寄了回来。
In two years, he hadn't accomplished much and had even been to the police station a few times, but he always sent money back for her tuition and living expenses.
直至一年前，他给道上的大哥挡了一刀，虽然断了一条手，但也成了大哥心腹，混到了九州市内环的一套商品房。
A year ago, he took a knife for his gang leader. Although he lost the use of one hand, he became the leader's trusted confidant and managed to get an apartment in the inner ring of Kyushu City.
这也正是池小橙现在住的地方。
This was where 池小橙 was currently living.
在原著中，原主被叶良杀死后，哥哥作为新的反派黑化登场，带着大哥的势力疯了似的扑杀叶良，活了大概两百来章，还是落了个惨死的下场。
In the original novel, after the original owner was killed by 叶良, her brother appeared as a new, darker villain. He used his leader's power to hunt down 叶良 relentlessly. He survived for about two hundred chapters before meeting a tragic end.
但池小橙知道，在对家人这方面，无论黑没黑化，哥哥都非常好。
But 池小橙 knew that, when it came to his family, her brother was always good, whether he had turned dark or not.
她虽是穿越过来，却也敬重这份感情，没那个必要的话，池小橙不想让原主的哥哥担心。
Although she had transmigrated into this body, she respected that bond. If it wasn't necessary, 池小橙 didn't want to worry the original owner's brother.
主要还是怕他跟男主们起冲突，那才是真的难办。
Mainly, she was afraid he would get into a conflict with the male leads. That would be truly difficult to handle.
对此，她看向医生的小眼神中，就差把"I have a difficult situation" written all over it.
The doctor looked at 东方阳 with a blank expression.
东方阳 said calmly, "It's nothing serious anyway. Just let her sign it herself. It's just a formality."
"Very well."
The doctor nodded and said no more.
将医嘱递了上去让池小橙签字后，又自觉离开。
He handed the medical form to 池小橙 for her signature and then discreetly left.
池小橙弱弱地看了眼东方阳，发动演技，霎时变得呆萌娇弱了些许。
池小橙 glanced timidly at 东方阳, activating her acting skills. Instantly, she appeared more dazed and delicate.
不过苏桃在，她也没有太过火。
But with 苏桃 present, she didn't overdo it.
"Thank you, Young Master 东方."
她弱弱地说了一句，在苏桃眼里就是有些害怕。
She said weakly, which in 苏桃's eyes looked like she was a little scared.
苏桃不由回头，维护说道，"东方阳, don't scare 小橙."
"Huh?" 东方阳 pointed at himself. "How did I scare her?"
He was just trying to be quiet so he wouldn't interrupt the doctor!
苏桃抓着池小橙的一只小手，轻轻捏了一下，"It's okay, 小橙. He won't scare you like before."
池小橙轻轻点头，又看向了东方阳，"I... I'm sorry."
东方阳大度地摆摆手，"Forget it. It was nothing, really."
"No, no," 池小橙 quickly shook her head and explained. "What I mean is, when you came in just now, I knew you wouldn't do anything to me, but I still felt a little scared."
"I have to apologize for that. You've helped me so much, yet I still thought that way."
She lowered her head, her light brown hair catching the sunlight, creating a thin golden mist. Her fragile appearance made her instantly more likable.
东方阳 touched his cheek, feeling a bit embarrassed.
So that was the reason for her apology.
And was she blushing when she looked down?
She's actually... kinda cute. 