第28章 谎言
Chapter 28: Lies

人就是这样奇怪的生物。
Humans are such strange creatures.

被苏桃忽视本来东方阳还觉得有点委屈。
Dongfang Yang had felt a bit hurt being ignored by 苏桃.

可当池小橙将他的情绪价值补上，他又觉得没什么了。
But when 池小橙 filled that emotional void, he felt it was no big deal anymore.

不禁去想，难道这样的池小橙才是本性，之前化妆和自己表白几次，又去针对苏桃等，都是被那些霸凌她的人逼的？
He couldn't help but wonder, could this be 池小橙's true nature? Were her previous actions—putting on makeup, confessing to him several times, and targeting 苏桃—all because she was being forced by her bullies?

他是有在暗中调查过池小橙。
He had, in fact, been secretly investigating 池小橙.

却不知，池小橙在获得黑客技能后，就简单地将自己一系列信息给过了一遍，在网上营造了些许假象。
However, he didn't know that after gaining hacking skills, 池小橙 had simply gone through her own information and created a few illusions online.

除非去实地调查，否则她被霸凌威胁的事情，可以完美掩盖自己这段时间撒的谎。
Unless someone investigated in person, the story of her being bullied and threatened could perfectly cover up the lies she had been telling.

再加上有着苏桃背书
And with 苏桃 backing her up...

他的调查，恰好被池小橙预判到了。
His investigation played right into 池小橙's predictions.

不由自主地就会让人联想到。
It naturally led one to think.

自己所作所为，其实是被逼的！
That everything she did was because she was forced!

不过东方阳可不会如苏桃一样照顾她的情绪而不闻不问，一坐下就看着池小橙的手臂，“现在已经没什么事了，你不打算说说看你的情况吗，昨晚的情况可是严重得很。”
But 东方阳 wasn't like 苏桃, who would cater to her feelings and ask nothing. As soon as he sat down, he looked at 池小橙's arm. "Things have calmed down now. Aren't you going to tell us what's going on with you? What happened last night was very serious."

虽然没提轻生的事情。
Although he didn't mention the suicide attempt.

但微挑的眉毛，让池小橙明白，不说个清楚怕是过不去这关了。
His slightly raised eyebrow made it clear to 池小橙 that she wouldn't get through this without a proper explanation.

一个问题，问到了两个人。
One question was aimed at two people.

池小橙垂着脑袋看不清表情，而苏桃在一旁心中也慌得要死。
池小橙 lowered her head, her expression hidden, while 苏桃, standing by her side, was panicking inside.

病娇、自伤、喜欢自己这种事情往外说的话，信不信还不一定，小橙终究算是个危险份子。
If word got out about her being obsessive, self-harming, and having feelings for her... people might not even believe it, but in the end, 小橙 would be seen as a dangerous person.

她是知道东方阳对自己有些好感，要是被他知道，又或者传到叶良等人那里，事情闹大了之后，他们可能会没事。
She knew 东方阳 had some feelings for her. If he found out, or if the news reached 叶良 and the others and blew up, they would probably be fine.

但小橙呢？
But what about 小橙?

他们不伤害小橙，难道小橙就不会伤害她自己吗？
Even if they didn't hurt 小橙, wouldn't 小橙 hurt herself?

苏桃有些着急，脑海还是很快地寻找解决方法。
苏桃 grew anxious, her mind racing to find a solution.

瞬间，东方阳昨晚聊的事情浮现在脑海中。
Suddenly, what 东方阳 had talked about last night came to her mind.

小橙是被逼的，她被霸凌被威胁，所以才会做出这样的行动。
*小橙 was forced. She was bullied and threatened, that's why she did those things.*

没错，只要小橙配合得上自己说的话点头，就能暂时瞒着东方阳！
*That's right! As long as 小橙 nods along with what I say, we can fool 东方阳 for now!*

苏桃精神一振，想到办法后刚想说出口，就见池小橙先开口了，“手臂上的这些伤，都是我自己弄的。”
苏桃's spirits lifted. Just as she figured out a plan and was about to speak, 池小橙 spoke first. "These wounds on my arm... I did them myself."

“小橙？”苏桃呆呆地看着池小橙，一时间不知所措。
"小橙?" 苏桃 stared blankly at 池小橙, at a complete loss.

东方阳皱了皱眉，看着她没有说话。
东方阳 frowned, looking at her without saying a word.

池小橙深呼吸一口气说道，“我不想让桃桃和叶良在一起！”
池小橙 took a deep breath and said, "I don't want 桃桃 to be with 叶良!"

她抬着头，赤红的双眼坚定无比。
She lifted her head, her red eyes filled with determination.

东方阳顿了一下，好奇问道，“为什么，你不是喜欢叶良吗？”
东方阳 paused for a moment, then asked curiously, "Why? Don't you like 叶良?"

“我才没有喜欢他呢。”池小橙撇了撇嘴，“他那么凶，又一直板着脸，以前还时不时看到他对帮他办事的人破口大骂。”
"I do not like him," 池小橙 pouted. "He's so fierce and always has a long face. I used to see him yelling at the people who worked for him all the time."

“做得不好就要挨骂，我才不想桃桃和他在一起呢。”说着，又低下了脑袋，“昨晚的宴会很重要吧，上次他就想带桃桃去参加宴会，满足他的虚荣心。”
"He scolds them for the smallest mistakes. I don't want 桃桃 to be with someone like that." She lowered her head again. "Last night's banquet was important, right? Last time, he also wanted to take 桃桃 to a banquet, just to satisfy his own vanity."

“我不用想就知道，肯定会说什么桃桃是他女朋友之类的，那里那么多有钱人，他一说，谁都知道这件事了吧？”
"I don't even have to think about it. He would definitely say something like 桃桃 is his girlfriend. With so many rich people there, once he said it, everyone would know, right?"

池小橙看向苏桃，眼神温柔无比，“桃桃又是普通人，被那么多人说了她能反抗吗，那个叶良一不开心说不定又会怎么样，要真成了他女友，以后肯定天天被欺负。”
池小橙 looked at 苏桃, her eyes incredibly gentle. "桃桃 is just a normal person. If everyone starts talking, can she even fight back? And if that 叶良 gets unhappy, who knows what he'll do. If she really becomes his girlfriend, she'll definitely be bullied every day."

可不是嘛，原著中的苏桃那么软，这几个男主无论做什么她基本都不反驳，又是逆来顺受，被欺负是常态了。
*Isn't that the truth? The 苏桃 in the original story was so soft. No matter what the male leads did, she rarely objected. She just endured it all, and being bullied became normal for her.*

大后期的各大男主背叛，苏桃被逼自杀就更不用说了。
*Not to mention how in the later parts of the story, after being betrayed by all the male leads, 苏桃 was driven to suicide.*

池小橙一番话，在东方阳和苏桃心中可谓是掀起大波。
池小橙's words caused quite a storm in both 东方阳's and 苏桃's hearts.

苏桃想的是，原来上次地下室小橙暴走的主要原因，是因为那时叶良就已经想当众公布自己是他女友的事情。
苏桃 thought, *So the main reason 小橙 lost control in the basement last time was because 叶良 already planned to announce publicly that I was his girlfriend.*

可实际上这是只是假扮的，给他充场面而已。
*But in reality, it was just an act, just to help him keep up appearances.*

但小橙不知道那是假扮的啊！
*But 小橙 didn't know it was fake!*

往日她一直安分温顺，是因为事情一直没触及她的底线？
*Was she always so quiet and gentle in the past because nothing had ever crossed her line?*

原来，小橙之前针对叶良，甚至表白叶良，都是为了我
*So, all this time... when 小橙 targeted 叶良, and even confessed to him... it was all for me...*

换在池小橙的立场去看，苏桃心中不由有些感动。
Putting herself in 池小橙's shoes, 苏桃 couldn't help but feel touched.

但东方阳不那么想，他想的是，池小橙前面表白那么多次叶良，竟然为的是苏桃？
But 东方阳 didn't see it that way. He thought, *池小橙 confessed to 叶良 so many times before, and it was all for 苏桃?*

他是真的以为池小橙喜欢叶良，因为跟苏桃撞了，又认为苏桃抢了他的男人，所以才对苏桃进行针对。
He had truly believed that 池小橙 liked 叶良, and because her interest clashed with 苏桃's, she felt 苏桃 had stolen her man, which was why she targeted her.

为了朋友，宁愿献身自己，这样的友谊，真的存在吗？
*To sacrifice yourself for a friend... does that kind of friendship really exist?*

恰逢此时，池小橙又多看了一眼他，缓缓道，“其实我觉得东方少爷你比叶良好多了。”
Just then, 池小橙 gave him another glance and said slowly, "Actually, I think you're much better than 叶良, Young Master 东方."

东方阳：“！”
东方阳: "!"

难道
*Could it be...*

池小橙是认为我比叶良更适合苏桃？
*池小橙 thinks I'm a better match for 苏桃 than 叶良 is?*

她向叶良表白，是讨厌他，更不想让苏桃落入他手。
*She confessed to 叶良 because she dislikes him and, more importantly, doesn't want 苏桃 to fall into his hands.*

但同时她也表白过我，区别就是表白的次数较少，也几乎没怎么针对过我，这是不是证明她其实是有点喜欢我的？
*But she also confessed to me. The only difference is that she did it less often and almost never targeted me. Does this mean she actually likes me a little?*

她甚至愿意为了我，而去搞坏叶良和苏桃两个人的关系！
*She's even willing to ruin the relationship between 叶良 and 苏桃... for my sake!*

好吧，东方阳也觉得是自己想太多了，乍一想觉得池小橙说的话没什么问题，但其中逻辑的矛盾还是能看出来。
Alright, 东方阳 knew he was overthinking it. At first glance, 池小橙's words seemed fine, but he could still see the logical contradictions.

只是被他带歪了后，东方阳没往那方面去想。
But having been led astray, 东方阳 didn't pursue that line of thought.

定了定神，东方阳索性不再胡思乱想，“那你手臂上的伤呢，把苏桃从宴会喊回来，编一个骗局就行了吧，为什么要做到这种地步？”
Composing himself, 东方阳 decided to stop overthinking. "Then what about the wounds on your arm? To get 苏桃 to leave the banquet, you could have just made up a lie. Why did you have to go this far?"

听到这问题，苏桃也是心中一紧。
Hearing this question, 苏桃's heart also tensed up.

池小橙错开和东方阳对视的视线，“反正我也没人要，如果桃桃和叶良在一起了，肯定就不要我了，我还不如......”
池小橙 avoided 东方阳's gaze. "No one wants me anyway. If 桃桃 gets together with 叶良, she definitely won't want me anymore. I might as well..."

还不如死了得了。
*...might as well be dead.*

池小橙没说完，但二人都清楚她是什么意思。
池小橙 didn't finish her sentence, but they both knew what she meant.

东方阳还想继续说下去，就被苏桃给拽住了衣袖，摇摇头后拉他走出了房间内。
东方阳 was about to say more, but 苏桃 grabbed his sleeve, shook her head, and pulled him out of the room.

“怎么了？”东方阳不解地看着苏桃。
"What's wrong?" 东方阳 looked at 苏桃, confused.

苏桃卷了一下鬓角的秀发，有些焦躁，“东方阳你就别问那么多了，小橙显然有点心理问题你没看出来吗？”
苏桃 nervously tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "东方阳, just stop asking so many questions. Can't you see that 小橙 clearly has some psychological issues?"

东方阳顿了一下，“我感觉她挺正常的啊，而且她手臂的伤，还有轻生的事情，总得有个结果吧，你不怕下次再发生这种事情？”
东方陽 paused. "I think she seems quite normal. And about her arm, and the suicide attempt... we need to get to the bottom of it, right? Aren't you afraid it will happen again?"

“我...我会看着她的。”苏桃咬了咬嘴唇，“她那个是被某些人霸凌，逼迫着去弄的吧，我昨天下午回宿舍的时候，还看到小橙被人打了呢，你应该也知道，有些人就喜欢以玩弄他人为乐。”
"I... I'll watch over her," 苏桃 bit her lip. "Those things... she was bullied and forced to do them, right? When I went back to the dorm yesterday afternoon, I even saw 小橙 getting hit. You should know, some people just enjoy messing with others for fun."

东方阳皱眉叹了口气，“好吧，我听你的，不问了。”
东方阳 frowned and sighed. "Alright, I'll listen to you. I won't ask anymore."

他一眼就看出了苏桃是有什么事情瞒着自己。
He could tell at a glance that 苏桃 was hiding something from him.

而且肯定跟池小橙有关。
And it was definitely related to 池小橙.

或许事实没那么简单。
Perhaps the truth wasn't that simple.

但...算了，苏桃肯定有她的道理，这件事他就不深究了。
But... forget it. 苏桃 must have her reasons. He decided not to dig any deeper into it.

东方阳侧目从门缝看了眼发呆的池小橙，“不过那群不良少女的事情还得往后放一下，苏桃你不如想一下，出院后怎么和叶良那边解释。”
东方阳 glanced through the crack in the door at the dazed 池小橙. "But we'll have to put aside the issue with those delinquent girls for now. 苏桃, you should probably think about how you're going to explain things to 叶良 after you leave the hospital."

“那家伙，我觉得他不会轻易放过池小橙。”
"That guy... I don't think he'll let 池小橙 off the hook so easily."

</rewritten_file>