第29章 你怎么不朝我撒娇？
Chapter 29: Why Don't You Act Spoiled with Me?
回到病房，二人都默契地没有再提刚刚的事情。
Back in the hospital room, they both had an unspoken agreement not to bring up what had just happened.
但还有一个事情是池小橙怎么也避不过的。
But there was one thing Chi Xiaocheng couldn't escape.
那就是高额的医药费！
The massive medical bill!
池小橙看着手里的医药单子，感觉脑袋嗡嗡响，她不解地看着东方阳，"两万三，为什么那么贵？"
Staring at the bill, Chi Xiaocheng's head started to buzz. She looked at Dongfang Yang, completely bewildered. "Twenty-three thousand? Why is it so expensive?"
东方阳淡淡说道，"你不看看你住的是什么病房，享受的是什么服务，人家医生、护士24小时待命候着你，不仅用了不少仪器，药也是最高规格的，两万三还好了。"
Dongfang Yang replied coolly, "Have you considered the kind of room you're in and the service you're getting? Doctors and nurses on call for you 24/7, not to mention all the equipment and top-grade medicine. Twenty-three thousand is actually a pretty good deal."
池小橙拿着医药单的手，微微颤抖，她这次不是演的，是真的要哭了，"可是...这也太多了吧！"
The hand Chi Xiaocheng held the bill with trembled slightly. This time, she wasn't acting—real tears were welling up. "But... this is just too much!"
"还没算你手机的钱呢。"东方阳指了指她手上的新手机，淡淡道，"我昨晚让人给你买的，大米14，4000块，给你抹个零，还我两万五就行了。"
"And that's not even including your new phone," Dongfang Yang said calmly, gesturing to the device in her hand. "I had someone buy it for you last night. A Dami 14, four thousand. I'll make it a round number for you. Just pay me back twenty-five thousand in total."
池小橙闻言，泪眼摩挲地看向苏桃，"桃桃~"
Hearing this, Chi Xiaocheng's eyes filled with tears as she turned to Su Tao. "Tao Tao~"
她声音软腻甜美，撒娇地牵着苏桃的手，听得东方阳目瞪口呆。
Her voice was incredibly soft and sweet as she pleaded, taking Su Tao's hand. Dongfang Yang was completely stunned listening to her.
这娇滴滴的软糯萝莉音，哪个男人受得住啊！
What man could possibly resist that delicate, honey-sweet, loli-like voice!
一直对池小橙的不良印象加上苏桃在身边，总是会让东方阳下意识地忽略一个事实。
Between his negative impression of Chi Xiaocheng and Su Tao always being there, Dongfang Yang had subconsciously overlooked one fact.
池小橙是一个颜值不亚于苏桃的合法萝莉。
Chi Xiaocheng was a 'legal loli' whose beauty was on par with Su Tao's.
二人都是美少女，即便放在她认识的诸多贵族小姐里，也是非常能打的存在。
They were both stunningly beautiful girls. Even among the many aristocratic young ladies he knew, their looks were top-tier.
苏桃在一旁，一脸尴尬地卷着自己的秀发，那张俏丽的侧颜对着东方阳，在她眼里两个女孩子贴那么近看着别提有多享受了。
Su Tao stood to the side, awkwardly twirling a lock of her hair, her lovely profile facing Dongfang Yang. From his perspective, seeing the two girls so close together was quite a treat.
感觉自己要是能替代其中任意一个人的位置好像都不亏？
He couldn't help but think that taking either of their places wouldn't be a bad deal at all.
苏桃轻咳了一声，"对不起啊小橙，我也没什么钱，我这个月兼职的工资还没发，身上就两千块钱了，那个我......我给你一千五吧。"
Su Tao cleared her throat. "I'm sorry, Xiaocheng, I don't have much money either. I haven't gotten paid from my part-time job this month, so I only have two thousand on me... um... I can give you fifteen hundred."
就两千块了能借一千五，池小橙确实很高兴。
Considering Su Tao only had two thousand to her name, lending out fifteen hundred was incredibly generous, and Chi Xiaocheng was genuinely grateful.
但这对比两万五的天堑，属实是不够看了。
But compared to the giant chasm of twenty-five thousand, it was barely a drop in the bucket.
她自闭地靠在了床头，思考着自己如何利用穿越者的优势，去赚点快钱。
She slumped against the headboard, feeling utterly defeated, and started racking her brain for ways to use her knowledge from another world to make some quick cash.
如今自己身上，也就四百块钱。
Right now, she only had four hundred yuan to her name.
扔掉手机还是冲动了啊！
Throwing away her phone had been such a reckless move!
池小橙前世也就大学刚毕业，学了几年的新媒体，除了家里给的学费，生活费都是靠写小说自己赚的。
In her past life, Chi Xiaocheng had just been a recent university graduate. She'd studied new media for a few years, and apart from the tuition her family paid, she covered all her living expenses by writing novels.
然而他虽然写了几年，但一直是个死扑街，每个月加上全勤也才一千块，刚好够花。
However, even though she'd been writing for years, she was a complete flop. Including the bonus for daily updates, she only made about a thousand yuan a month—just enough to get by.
然而穿越到这平行世界中，池小橙是了解了一下的，这里名为大周国，虽然制度和内核与前世华夏大体相同，可这本小说是女频文，世界观背景都会为各大强势男主服务。
After crossing over into this parallel world, Chi Xiaocheng had done some research. This place was called the Great Zhou Kingdom. While its systems and core principles were mostly the same as her previous world's China, this was the world of a female-oriented novel, where the setting was built to serve its powerful male leads.
财阀林立，世家大族强盛无比，娱乐业发达无比，诸如穿越者自带的抄小说、动漫、电影等赚钱手段，她是完全没有机会。
Powerful conglomerates and influential families held immense power, and the entertainment industry was incredibly advanced. This meant that the usual money-making schemes for transmigrators, like plagiarizing novels, anime, or movies from their old world, were completely off the table for her.
而这样的背景下，虽说不至于有很离谱的都市异能，可小说中的设定，大周国也有古武者的存在。
In a world like this, while there weren't any over-the-top urban superpowers, the novel's setting did include the existence of ancient martial artists.
首要还是先自保，其次再考虑还他的钱吧，东方阳那么有钱，欠个十年八年没准他就忘了？
Her top priority had to be self-preservation. Repaying the debt could come later. Dongfang Yang was so rich, anyway. If she owed him the money for ten years, maybe he'd forget all about it?
池小橙将视线投在他身上，恰好他也看了过来，二人对视。
Chi Xiaocheng shifted her gaze to him, and just then, he happened to look her way. Their eyes met.
东方阳笑着调侃道，"你要是像刚刚对苏桃那样对我撒个娇，没准我高兴了可以再免你一点。"
Dongfang Yang smirked teasingly. "If you act all cute with me like you just did with Su Tao, I might be in a good enough mood to knock a little more off your debt."
他露出稳坐钓鱼台的表情。
He wore a smug, confident expression, as if he held all the cards.
心中想道，要是用刚刚那样的语气软软糯糯地喊自己一声哥哥，给她免个两千块也不是不行。
He thought to himself, "If she calls me 'big brother' in that soft, sweet voice, I wouldn't mind knocking off another two thousand."
可谁知，他才刚说出口，池小橙原本期待的小眼神就变得嫌弃了起来。
But to his surprise, the moment the words left his mouth, the hopeful glimmer in Chi Xiaocheng's eyes instantly turned to disgust.
脑袋扭到一边，撇着小嘴，"不要。"
She turned her head away, pouting. "No way."
东方阳嘴角一抽，"之前还跟我表白呢，现在这么嫌弃我？"
Dongfang Yang's lip twitched. "You confessed your feelings to me just the other day, and now you're looking at me with such disdain?"
池小橙小小地哼了一声，"我只跟桃桃撒娇。"
Chi Xiaocheng let out a small huff. "I only act cute for Tao Tao."
苏桃看着池小橙全然拒绝的模样，也知道之前表白东方阳，可能还是和叶良的出发点一样，不想自己和东方阳在一起。
Seeing Chi Xiaocheng's firm refusal, Su Tao understood. Her earlier confession to Dongfang Yang was likely for the same reason Ye Liang had interfered—she didn't want the two of them to be together.
她嘴里说着的喜欢，是每时每刻都在付之行动啊。
The 'like' she spoke of was something she was constantly putting into action.
心中微暖，苏桃看向东方阳，"这样吧，小橙欠的钱我也负担一部分，东方阳你不缺钱应该不急吧，我们会在一年内慢慢还给你的。"
A warmth spread through her heart. Su Tao looked at Dongfang Yang and said, "How about this, I'll help pay off Xiaocheng's debt. You're not short on money, Dongfang Yang, so you're not in a rush, are you? We'll pay you back slowly within a year."
又见苏桃为池小橙说话，东方阳真的有一种她被拐跑了的感觉。
Seeing Su Tao stick up for Chi Xiaocheng again, Dongfang Yang truly felt like she was being stolen away.
明明几天前，还蛮黏自己的。
Just a few days ago, she'd been so close to him.
现在什么都是小橙。
Now, everything was about "Xiaocheng."
他抓了抓头发，叹气道，"算了，我在学校外投资了一家咖啡厅，池小橙你去给我看三个月的店，这笔钱就算给你免了。"
He scratched his hair and sighed. "Fine, whatever. I invested in a coffee shop near the school. Chi Xiaocheng, you can go manage it for me for three months, and we'll call the debt cleared."
"真的可以吗？"池小橙双眼闪烁。
"Really? I can do that?" Chi Xiaocheng's eyes lit up.
"反正也是随手完成家族的任务，你别搞砸了就行。"
"It's just a small task from my family anyway. Just don't mess it up."
"谢谢东方少爷！"池小橙对他露出了开心的浅笑，那颗细尖的小虎牙可爱至极。
"Thank you, Young Master Dongfang!" Chi Xiaocheng gave him a happy, gentle smile, revealing an incredibly cute little canine tooth.
东方阳高冷地点了点头，"看在苏桃的份上而已，另外这三个月你也算我小弟了，别畏畏缩缩的，谁敢欺负你就怼回去，知道了吗？"
Dongfang Yang gave a cool nod. "I'm only doing this for Su Tao's sake. Also, for the next three months, you're one of my people. Stop being so timid. If anyone tries to bully you, you push right back. Got it?"
"嗯嗯！"
"Mhm!"
东方阳唇角上扬，"来，喊一声老板听听？"
A smile crept onto Dongfang Yang's lips. "Alright, let me hear you call me 'Boss'."
"东方老板~"
"Boss Dongfang~"
池小橙甜甜地喊了一声，如百灵鸟般清脆的声音令人陶醉。
Chi Xiaocheng called out sweetly, her voice as clear and captivating as a lark's song.
这家伙，确实有点可爱。
This girl... she really is kinda cute.
东方阳心中如是看了一会儿池小橙的俏脸，这才略带别扭地将视线投到一边。
After staring at Chi Xiaocheng's pretty face for a moment, Dongfang Yang awkwardly averted his gaze.
又聊了许久，医生来进行对池小橙的二次检查后，苏桃才和东方阳一起离开了房间。
They chatted for a long while longer, and only after the doctor came in for Chi Xiaocheng's follow-up check did Su Tao and Dongfang Yang leave the room.
"谢谢你啊，东方阳。"苏桃来到走廊，回头看了眼房门，语气真挚。
"Thank you, Dongfang Yang," Su Tao said sincerely once they were in the hallway, glancing back at the door.
东方阳淡淡点头，"也是怕她出意外而已，有我的名头，叶良应该不会撕破脸皮地去针对她。"
Dongfang Yang gave a slight nod. "I was just worried something might happen to her. With my name protecting her, Ye Liang probably won't be bold enough to target her openly."
苏桃闻言，愣了一下，"原来你还有这层打算的吗？"
Hearing this, Su Tao paused, surprised. "Oh, so you were thinking that far ahead?"
"不然呢？"东方阳耸耸肩，"让她还钱也就逗她一下而已，两万块还不够我正经地吃顿饭，看她以前用的几十块的化妆品就知道，她没几个钱。"
"What else?" Dongfang Yang shrugged. "Making her pay was just to tease her. Twenty thousand isn't even enough for me to have a proper meal. You can tell from the cheap makeup she used to use that she doesn't have much money."
苏桃挠了挠脸颊，"我还一直担心你会讨厌她来着。"
Su Tao scratched her cheek. "And here I was, worried that you hated her."
"之前是有点吧。"东方阳双手插兜，又想到了那一声甜甜的老板，唇角上扬。
"I did, a little, before." Dongfang Yang put his hands in his pockets, the corners of his mouth lifting as he remembered her sweet "Boss".
"不过现在，感觉她还不错。"
"But now... I think she's not so bad."
虽然是意外，但结果总归是好的。
Although it was unexpected, the outcome was good.
池小橙心底也清楚，知道自己被霸凌后，东方阳是有想庇护自己的想法。
Deep down, Chi Xiaocheng also knew that after finding out she was being bullied, Dongfang Yang had wanted to protect her.
这大少爷，感觉有点傲娇啊。
This young master... he's a bit of a tsundere, isn't he?
时间一晃而过，池小橙休息了三天后，办理了出院手续。
Time flew by, and after resting for three days, Chi Xiaocheng was discharged from the hospital.
这期间，苏桃几乎时刻陪在她身边，甚至第一天的时候吃饭都是她喂的。
During this time, Su Tao was by her side almost constantly, even spoon-feeding her on the first day.
虽然还是少女，但人妻的那种韵味已经微微体现。
Though still a young woman, she was already showing hints of a gentle, wife-like charm.
她是既享受，又喜欢。
And as for Chi Xiaocheng, she both enjoyed and cherished it.
过程没发生什么意外，她也表现得格外地乖。
Everything went smoothly, and she was exceptionally well-behaved.
这更让苏桃确信，病娇是可以治的！
This made Su Tao even more certain: a yandere can be cured! 