第30章 系统奖励，巨大提升！
Chapter 30: System Rewards, a Huge Upgrade!
    出了医院，池小橙活动着身体，虽然打了三天的吊瓶，但感觉还是没有之前状态那么好。
    Leaving the hospital, 池小橙 stretched her body. Although she had been on an IV drip for three days, she still didn't feel as good as before.
    刚穿越来的时候，本身就体虚又被追着抓。
    When she first transmigrated, her body was already weak, and she was constantly being chased.
    前天的那个晚上，也因为计划而发了高烧。
    The night before last, she had developed a high fever because of her plan.
    如果不是吃了系统的药，池小橙感觉自己重病没死，也得住院个三五个月。
    If it weren't for the system's medicine, 池小橙 felt that even if the serious illness hadn't killed her, she would have needed to be hospitalized for three to five months.
    四天出院，倒也不会耽误太多时间而导致跟不上小说剧情。
    Being discharged in four days meant she wouldn't miss too much time and fall behind the novel's plot.
    回到家，池小橙先是舒舒服服地泡了个澡，感受了一下女孩子身体的魅力后，又换上了柜子里的一条小裙子。
    Back home, 池小橙 first took a long, comfortable bath, enjoying the charms of a girl's body before changing into a little dress from her closet.
    拇指稍稍拉低领口，食指和中指比了个耶。
    She slightly pulled down her collar with her thumb and made a V-sign with her index and middle fingers.
    "咔嚓——"
    *Click—*
    一张自拍，几滴水珠贴合肌肤，顺着精致的锁骨淌入微微起伏的曲线，缕缕秀发粘在俏脸，可爱中又带了一点涩气。
    In the selfie, a few drops of water clung to her skin, trickling down her delicate collarbone and into the gentle curves of her chest. Strands of hair stuck to her pretty face, creating a look that was both cute and a little alluring.
    将这张自拍发给了苏桃，池小橙敲字道，"回到家啦，刚洗了个澡。"
    She sent the selfie to 苏桃 and typed, "I'm back home, just took a shower."
    完事又换了一套普通的常服，拍了一张不怎么出彩的照片。
    After that, she changed into a set of plain, casual clothes and took a rather unimpressive photo.
    配文发朋友圈。
    She posted it to her Moments with a caption.
    "是不是不化妆会更好看点啊？"——所有人可见。
    "Maybe I look better without makeup?" — Visible to all.
    照片阴影多，还有些曝光，角度也平平无奇，像极了不会拍照的小白。
    The photo had too many shadows, some overexposure, and a very plain angle, looking just like it was taken by an amateur who didn't know how to take pictures.
    虽说不出彩，可池小橙的颜值摆在那里，然是这样随便拍，也是惊为天人。
    Although it was an unimpressive photo, 池小橙's natural beauty was undeniable. Even a casual shot like this was stunningly beautiful.
    做完这些，池小橙才回到房间坐下，"系统，我现在有多少情绪值了？"
    After doing all this, 池小橙 returned to her room and sat down. "System, how many Emotion Points do I have now?"
    【回宿主，2333】
    [Reply to Host: 2333]
    这几天因为没发生什么事情，获得的情绪值并不多，大头还是那一天暴雨的晚上。
    Not much had happened in the past few days, so she hadn't gained many Emotion Points. The largest portion still came from that stormy night.
    "可以进行两次十连抽了，虽然不知道这个系统的概率，但保底至少两个技能。"
    "I can do two ten-pulls. I don't know the system's probabilities, but I'm guaranteed at least two skills."
    池小橙一边浏览系统商城，一边思考要怎么花这笔巨款。
    池小橙 browsed the System Shop while thinking about how to spend this huge sum.
    "系统，先进行十连抽！"
    "System, let's do a ten-pull!"
    这几天如履薄冰，也该是这个废物系统派上用场的时候了！
    She had been walking on thin ice for days; it was time for this useless system to finally be of some help!
    十张卡片摊在系统面板的中央，其中一张是金光，另一张淡淡的白色。
    Ten cards spread out in the center of the system panel. One was golden, and another was a faint white.
    池小橙眉毛一挑，"两个技能？"
    池小橙 raised an eyebrow. "Two skills?"
    小手一挥，抽卡全部内容展开。
    With a wave of her small hand, the contents of all the cards were revealed.
    【获得细腻软糖*1（服用可以让皮肤更加细腻）】
    [Obtained: Skin Smoothing Gummy*1 (Eating it will make your skin smoother)]
    【获得睡眠巧克力*3（服用可在1分钟内进入至少6小时的深度睡眠，大幅度恢复疲惫状态）】
    [Obtained: Sleeping Chocolate*3 (After eating, you will enter at least 6 hours of deep sleep within 1 minute, greatly recovering from exhaustion)]
    【获得灰姑娘的手帕*1（得到手帕者会不由自主地想起宿主）】
    [Obtained: Cinderella's Handkerchief*1 (Whoever receives this handkerchief will think of the host involuntarily)]
    【获得酒心巧克力*3（服用迅速进入微醺状态）】
    [Obtained: Liqueur Chocolate*3 (Eating it will quickly make you feel tipsy)]
    【恭喜宿主获得被动技能：猫瞳（初级）】
    [Congratulations Host, you have obtained the passive skill: Cat's Eyes (Beginner)]
    【猫瞳（初级）：当宿主长时间注视别人，并产生强烈情绪时，瞳孔会变得妖异，并散发幻觉般的光芒，起到强烈的震慑作用）】
    [Cat's Eyes (Beginner): When the host stares at someone for a long time with intense emotion, their pupils will become bewitching and emit a hallucinatory glow, creating a strong intimidating effect)]
    【恭喜宿主获得技能：表皮恢复（中级）】
    [Congratulations Host, you have obtained the skill: Skin Recovery (Intermediate)]
    【表皮恢复（中级）：加快恢复宿主遭受的任何表皮伤害，并去掉疤痕，恢复如初】
    [Skin Recovery (Intermediate): Speeds up the recovery of any surface injuries suffered by the host, removes scars, and restores the skin to its original state]
    8个物品，2个技能！
    8 items and 2 skills!
    而且看着都还比较实用。
    And they all looked quite useful.
    特别是那个灰姑娘的手帕，在池小橙看来，作用不比这两个技能差！
    Especially Cinderella's Handkerchief. In 池小橙's opinion, it was no less useful than the two skills!
    If she gave it to 苏桃, her impression in 苏桃's heart would deepen even more.
    Besides, 池小橙 felt that the system had specifically chosen these two skills for her.
    自己的瞳色本就是奇异的赤红，每次演技打开，池小橙都会尽量让自己眼神病态。
    Her natural eye color was already a strange crimson. Every time she activated her acting skill, 池小橙 would try to make her gaze look unhinged.
    现在有这个猫瞳技能，她就不用瞪得跟个斗鸡眼似的。
    Now with the Cat's Eyes skill, she wouldn't have to stare so hard she looked cross-eyed.
    另一个表皮恢复的技能更不必多说。
    And there was no need to even mention the other skill, Skin Recovery.
    恢复技能对现在的自己而言都是小神技！
    For her current self, any recovery skill was like a miracle!
    And the system claimed the lottery was completely random.
    "我看统子你也是个傲娇，爱我就直说嘛。"
    "I see you're just putting on a tough act, System. If you like me, just say it."
    【......】
    [...]
    With over 1000 points left, 池小橙 was tempted to do another ten-pull.
    But in the end, reason won over impulse.
    "统子，商城兑换强身药剂。"
    "System, exchange for a Body Strengthening Potion in the shop."
    【强身药剂800情绪值兑换成功】
    [Body Strengthening Potion successfully exchanged for 800 Emotion Points]
    A bottle of crimson red potion appeared in her hand.
    Slightly and permanently improves physical fitness.
    Without a second thought, 池小橙 drank it.
    She felt a wave of warmth spread from her stomach throughout her body. She let out a breath and looked at the system panel.
    【宿主：池小橙】
    [Host: 池小橙]
    【年龄：18】
    [Age: 18]
    【身体状态：病弱→亚健康】
    [Physical Condition: Sickly → Sub-healthy]
    【情绪值：533】
    [Emotion Points: 533]
    【拥有技能：演技（中）、痛感减弱（中）、黑客（中）、表皮恢复（中）、加料液体（初）、猫瞳（初）】
    [Skills: Acting (Intermediate), Pain Reduction (Intermediate), Hacking (Intermediate), Skin Recovery (Intermediate), Liquid Spiking (Beginner), Cat's Eyes (Beginner)]
    池小橙 decided to save the remaining 533 Emotion Points.
    She had her eye on something good in the System Shop.
    【状态眼镜（3000情绪值）：戴上眼镜将别人对宿主的好感和态度以数值和文字样式体现，眼镜可花费情绪值升级改装】
    [Status Glasses (3000 Emotion Points): Wearing these glasses will display others' favorability and attitude towards the host as numbers and text. The glasses can be upgraded using Emotion Points.]
    This was a great item.
    "Emotion Points really are needed for everything!"
    Closing the system panel, 池小橙 flopped onto her bed in a star shape.
    After lying in the hospital for so long, she couldn't fall asleep now that she was home.
    She took out her phone again and saw that a lot of people had already replied to the Moments post she just made.
    秀花："小橙, why would you post on your Moments without makeup? Without a little foundation, your face looks as pale as a zombie's. Didn't you get the makeup I sent you? How about you come to school tomorrow, and I'll do your makeup beautifully."
    苏打水: "@秀花, aren't you disgusting? Are you just jealous because she looks good without makeup? So it was you who instigated 小橙's horrible makeup style before. Having a friend like you is just bad luck."
    秀花: "What are you talking about? What does a smelly man like you know about girls?"
    坤坤: "Cute."
    阳: "You don't even know how to take a picture. So stupid."
    想当小橙的狗: "@阳, Young Master 东方, last time you said you'd eat three pounds of crap if 小橙 was wearing no makeup. So, when's dinner?"
    阳: "???"
    Seeing the lively comments, 池小橙 couldn't help but laugh out loud.
    Even though she had deleted 东方阳's previous reply, the boomerang still came back to hit him!
    Seeing that 苏桃 hadn't replied, 池小橙 turned off her phone and fell into a deep sleep.
    The next morning, 池小橙 woke up full of energy.
    The potion really made a difference. Usually, she would feel a sharp pain in her chest when she woke up, but now it was much better.
    Today was Friday.
    She decided not to go to school. She would go check out 东方阳's coffee shop first. According to him, she had to start working as soon as she was discharged.
    After brushing her teeth and washing her face, 池小橙 had some oatmeal and an egg for breakfast, put on a light blue sweatshirt, and headed out.
    "Phew, it's still a bit cold. I need to save up for a thick winter coat."
    Feeling the temperature outside, 池小橙 rubbed her hands together. The warm air from her breath was already visible as a small white cloud.
    Leaving her residential complex, she greeted Uncle Zhang at the gate and walked straight towards the school entrance.
    "Moonlight Café, that's a nice name. It's on North Street, not far from school. I just wonder what it's like... huh?"
    Just as she reached the school gate, 池小橙 narrowed her eyes slightly.
    Outside a milk tea shop near the gate, 苏桃 was talking to a boy. She was looking down, kicking at a small stone with the tip of her shoe, a worried expression on her face.
    "That must be 司辰, the other male lead from the novel. Did he seek out 桃桃, or did she seek him out?" 