第33章 踩雷
Chapter 33: Stepping on a Landmine

刘桂嘉倚在墙边，眼神玩味地看着池小橙，把玩着手机，同时用脚踢了一下身边蹲在地面上的同伴。
Liu Guijia leaned against the wall, a playful yet cruel look in her eyes as she watched 池小橙. She fiddled with her phone, then nudged her companion, who was squatting on the ground, with her foot.

戴着黑框眼镜，披散头发，低着头一脸阴沉的跟班愣了一下，顿时收起手机。
The follower, a gloomy-looking girl with black-framed glasses and messy hair, froze for a second before quickly putting her phone away.

站起身垂着头，无神地盯着池小橙。
She stood up, her head hanging low, and stared blankly at 池小橙.

阴鸷的视线让人不由更加惧怕刘桂嘉这位主导者。
Her dark, intense stare made the one in charge, 刘桂嘉, seem even more frightening.

池小橙定了定神，伸手揩住帽檐，将卫衣的兜帽拉低，小半张脸被遮住，赤瞳的眸子仅在兜帽的阴影中闪烁一丝丝的红芒。
池小橙 composed herself, reached up, and pulled the hood of her sweatshirt down lower. It covered the top half of her face, and her red eyes shone faintly from within the shadows.

面对这样的霸凌者，越是软弱，她们越会得寸进尺。
With bullies like them, the weaker you appear, the more they push you around.

池小橙正是清楚这点，畏畏缩缩地走向了刘桂嘉。
池小橙 knew this well, so she approached 刘桂嘉 with a timid, hesitant posture.

垂着脑袋，任由一撇秀发从兜帽钻出垂下，伸出小手，紧张兮兮地说道，"钱...把我的钱还给我......"
With her head down and a strand of hair falling from her hood, she held out a small hand and said nervously, "The money... give me my money back..."

刘桂嘉笑了笑，
刘桂嘉 just smiled.

当即就想发怒嘲讽，却迅速被跟班拉住。
She was about to lash out with a sarcastic comment but was quickly pulled back by her follower.

刘桂嘉不爽地转头，"干嘛？"
刘桂嘉 turned, annoyed. "What is it?"

跟班沉着散发，指尖指了指楼道的一个角落，角落里正散发红光。
The follower, her hair still a mess, pointed to a corner of the hallway where a small red light was glowing.

刘桂嘉瞳孔收缩了一下，紧绷的肩膀松弛了下来，指着房门，"来都来了，不请我们进去再说吗，外面可是冷得要死啊，今年雪来得慢了些，再有几天就下雪，太冷了吧？"
刘桂嘉's eyes narrowed for a moment, and her tense shoulders relaxed. She pointed at the door. "Well, since we're already here, aren't you going to invite us in? It's freezing out here. The snow is late this year, but it'll be here in a few days. It's too cold, don't you think?"

说话时，她和那位跟班都让出了门口的位置。
As she spoke, both she and her follower stepped aside, clearing the way to the door.

池小橙瞥了眼楼道的一个摄像头，那是小区物业装的，每一层的楼道都会有几个，防止出意外。
池小橙 glanced at the security camera in the hallway. The property management had installed a few on every floor to prevent any incidents.

如果对方在这里动手就再好不过了。
It would be perfect if they started something right here.

不过也无所谓，反正褚三会因为手帕找过来的。
But it didn't matter. 褚三 would be coming to find her because of the handkerchief anyway.

池小橙开了门走进去，等刘桂嘉和她跟班都进去后，便掩住了门，留了一条缝没有关紧。
池小橙 opened the door and went inside. After 刘桂嘉 and her follower entered, she pushed the door almost closed, leaving just a small crack.

一同走了进去后，刘桂嘉大手大脚地打开了冰箱，从里面拿了一瓶可乐出来，像是在自己家，一屁股坐在了沙发上。
Once inside, 刘桂嘉 casually opened the fridge, grabbed a Coke as if she owned the place, and plopped down on the sofa.

翘起二郎腿，自顾自地感叹着，"真是不可思议，你说同样是底层出身的，为什么你就能在这么好的地段拥有这么好的房子呢？"
She crossed her legs and mused aloud, "It's unbelievable. Tell me, we both come from nothing, so how did you end up with such a nice house in such a great location?"

池小橙沉默不语，只是看着她打开可乐，喝了一口。
池小橙 said nothing, simply watching her open the Coke and take a sip.

而后缓缓走到她的面前，扬起小脑袋，"现在可以还钱了吧。"
Then, she slowly walked over to her, lifted her head and said, "Can you give me the money back now?"

"呵。"刘桂嘉转了个身，高高在上地看着池小橙："可以呀，你想让我还多少呢？"
"Hah." 刘桂嘉 shifted her position, looking down at 池小橙 from her seat. "Sure. How much do you want me to give back?"

池小橙咬了一下嘴唇，这样的小表情倒映在刘桂嘉的瞳孔中，"三...三年，不算初中的那些，你...你还我七千块就好了！"
池小橙 bit her lip, a small expression that was reflected in 刘桂嘉's eyes. "Th-three... three years. Not counting middle school, you... you just have to give me back seven thousand yuan!"

刘桂嘉感叹了一声，"七千啊，没想到我都找你要了那么多钱了吗？"
刘桂嘉 let out a sigh. "Seven thousand, huh? I didn't even realize I'd taken that much from you."

连她自己都觉得不可思议。
Even she found it hard to believe.

毕竟池小橙和她一样，穷得要死，家里甚至都没钱给她交学费，只知道是她那个出去混社会的哥哥一直给她钱。
After all, 池小橙 was just as poor as her. Her family couldn't even afford her school fees; the only money she got was from her older brother, who was out making a living on his own.

她看着池小橙，眼神中露出一抹讥讽，"还钱？"
She looked at 池小橙, a mocking glint in her eyes. "Give it back?"

池小橙仿佛心中震惊，后怕地退了一步，"你...你什么意思，你是不想还钱了吗，你说过会还给我的！"
As if shocked, 池小橙 took a fearful step back. "Wh-what do you mean? Are you saying you won't pay me back? You promised you would!"

"呵！"刘桂嘉拇指与食指张开，捂住嘴巴，一副憋笑的模样。
"Hah!" 刘桂嘉 covered her mouth with her hand, trying to hold back a laugh.

又将手捂在额头，撑起刘海，大笑了起来，"呵哈哈哈哈，你竟然说还钱？！"
Then she pressed her hand to her forehead, pushing back her bangs as she burst out laughing. "Hahahaha, you're actually asking for the money back?!"

"哈哈哈哈哈你是要笑死我吗。"她扬起头颅，高高地举起拳头，似问非问，"你是什么时候有这个胆子反抗我的呢，谁给你的勇气？"
"Hahahaha, are you trying to kill me with laughter?" She lifted her head, raising a fist. "When did you get the nerve to stand up to me? Who gave you this courage?"

"梁静茹吗！"
"Was it a pop star?"

尖锐的喊叫声响起。
A sharp yell echoed through the room.

"嘭——！"
BAM—!

重重的一拳打在了池小橙的脸上。
A heavy punch landed on 池小橙's face.

强大的力道带起劲风，将池小橙的兜帽掀开，她整个人也向地面倒去，翻滚两圈后砸到了一张椅子前。
The force of the blow sent a gust of wind that threw back 池小橙's hood. Her whole body tumbled to the floor, rolling twice before crashing into a chair.

力道很重，脸很疼。
It was a hard hit. Her face stung with pain.

即便有着痛感减弱，池小橙也依旧感觉脸部火辣辣的，这样的疼痛不亚于自己计划时的自伤。
Even with her reduced sense of pain, 池小橙's face burned hotly. The pain was just as bad as the times she had hurt herself as part of her plan.

但...也算能够忍受。
But... it was bearable.

她没有让愤怒冲昏头脑，疼痛让人愈发理智。
She didn't let anger cloud her mind. The pain made her feel more clear-headed.

只要等到褚三将手帕送来就行了，她下手越狠，自己"因为被霸凌而自我伤害并成为病娇"的一部分理由就越能站住脚。
All she had to do was wait for 褚三 to bring the handkerchief. The harder 刘桂嘉 hit her, the more believable her story would be—that the bullying drove her to hurt herself and become obsessive.

这一拳也在计划之中，根本没必要生气。
This punch was part of the plan. There was no reason to get angry.

池小橙门清得很，抬起头的瞬间，冷静的眼神变得紧张、恐惧、娇弱，嘴唇止不住的颤抖，"你...你怎么能这样！"
池小橙 knew exactly what she was doing. The moment she lifted her head, her calm eyes instantly filled with nervousness, fear, and weakness. Her lips trembled. "Y-you... how could you do this!"

她捂住脸颊，感觉嘴里有些咸腥。
She held her cheek, tasting something salty and metallic in her mouth.

这一拳让她口腔已经有些出血。
The punch had made the inside of her mouth bleed.

这样的味道，真不好受。
It was an unpleasant taste.

妖异在她眼中一闪而过，眼见刘桂嘉站了起来，池小橙身子都开始微微颤抖。
A strange light flashed in her eyes. Seeing 刘桂嘉 stand up, 池小橙's body began to tremble slightly.

仿佛昔日的恐惧涌上心头。
It was as if all her past fears were rushing back.

少女扬了下黄色的头发，一步步走向池小橙，"说真的，我也没想到你竟然敢找我还钱，现在正好。"
The girl with yellow hair tossed it back and walked toward 池小橙 step by step. "Honestly, I never thought you'd actually have the guts to ask for your money back. This is perfect."

来到池小橙面前，她蹲了下来。
She reached 池小橙 and crouched down.

一把扯住那茶色的长发。
She grabbed a handful of her long, tea-colored hair.

将其脑袋扯起，"你躲了我半个月了，是该让你记一下，到底谁是主人。"
And yanked her head up. "You've been avoiding me for half a month. It's time to remind you who's in charge."

"啪——！"
SLAP—!

又是一巴掌甩在了池小橙的脸上，掌心传来柔软的触感与脆响，让刘桂嘉皱了皱眉。
Another slap hit 池小橙's face. The soft feeling of the impact and the sharp sound made 刘桂嘉 frown.

这个时候，池小橙应该流着鼻涕和眼泪跪求自己别继续打了才对。
By this point, 池小橙 should have been on her knees, crying and begging her to stop.

这么平淡的反应是什么意思？
What was with this flat reaction?

看不起我？
Is she looking down on me?

而且这张脸
And this face...

"啧！"
"Tsk!"

她又是一巴掌甩了过去，"总是这张脸，总是这张脸！你凭什么长得那么好看，一副娇弱的样子那么让人喜欢，为什么！"
She slapped her again. "Always this face, always this face! Why do you get to be so pretty, with that fragile look that everyone loves? Why!"

"铮——"
SHING—

她从后腰拔出小刀，抵到了池小橙的脸前，狞笑道，"池小橙，你说我要是把你的脸刮花会怎么样？"
She pulled a small knife from behind her back and held it to 池小橙's face, a cruel grin spreading across her own. "池小橙, what do you think would happen if I scarred this pretty face of yours?"

池小橙瞳孔一缩，害怕的情绪浮现在脸上，摇着脑袋就要挣扎。
池小橙's pupils shrank. Fear appeared on her face as she shook her head and started to struggle.

见状，刘桂嘉脸上终于浮现出了满意的神色，对身后的跟班道，"你，去看一下窗户关紧没有，她要是喊出来可就不妙了。"
Seeing this, a satisfied look finally appeared on 刘桂嘉's face. She said to her follower, "You, go check if the windows are closed properly. It wouldn't be good if she screamed."

跟班蹲在地上，背靠沙发，双膝蜷曲，双手环住，好似体验到和池小橙一样虐待，浑身颤抖不止。
The follower was crouched on the floor, her back against the sofa. Her knees were pulled to her chest and her arms were wrapped around them. She was trembling uncontrollably, as if she were experiencing the same abuse as 池小橙.

见身后没动静，刘桂嘉不满地皱眉，戾道，"怎么，没听到我的话吗？"
Noticing no movement behind her, 刘桂嘉 frowned with irritation. "What, didn't you hear me?"

"是...是！"
"Y-yes!"

跟班点了点头，慌忙地跑向阳台开着的大窗。
The follower nodded and scrambled towards the large, open window on the balcony.

而刘桂嘉，满意地看着这一幕，又转头看向池小橙，"看到了吗，你应该也变成和她一样，而不是现在还敢跟我瞪眼。"
刘桂嘉 watched this with satisfaction, then turned back to 池小橙. "See that? You should be like her, not daring to glare at me like you are now."

她没注意到池小橙隐藏在眼神中的镇静，冰冷的刀背划过脸颊，刘桂嘉表述着胜利者的宣言，"我也很好奇，训了你三年，你怎么还没变成一条狗，是谁给你的希望呢？"
She didn't notice the calmness hidden in 池小橙's eyes. As the cold back of the knife slid across her cheek, 刘桂嘉 delivered her victor's speech. "I'm also curious. After training you for three years, how have you not turned into a loyal dog yet? Who's been giving you hope?"

眼神转动，思考。
Her eyes darted around as she thought.

最终定格在电视机下的一张双人照片上。
Finally, they landed on a photo of two people under the TV.

她冷笑一声，"是苏桃那个婊子？"
She sneered coldly. "Was it that bitch 苏桃?"

"砰——！"
BAM—!

一只小手，死死地钳住了刘桂嘉的臂腕，一对赤红的瞳孔收缩，好似护食的猫咪。
A small hand clamped down on 刘桂嘉's wrist like a vice. A pair of red pupils narrowed, like a cat protecting its food.

"你再说一遍试试？"
"Try saying that again." 