第34章 黑化前兆
Chapter 34: The First Signs of Darkness

池小橙的力气不大，却钳得刘桂嘉臂腕疼。
池小橙 wasn't very strong, but her grip on 刘桂嘉's arm was so tight it hurt.

那赤红的眸子好似发了疯的猫咪竖瞳，让人感到恐惧。
Her crimson eyes, like the vertical pupils of a frenzied cat, were terrifying.

刘桂嘉也被吓到了，扯着她头发的手陡然用力，愤怒地咬牙吼道，"你说什么，你竟敢反驳我？！"
刘桂嘉 was startled too. Her hand, tangled in 池小橙's hair, suddenly tightened. She gritted her teeth and roared, "What did you just say? How dare you talk back to me?!"

"你是不清楚谁才是这里的主人吗，再多说一句信不信我划烂你的脸！"
"Have you forgotten who's in charge here? Say one more word, and believe me, I'll slash your face!"

"啪——！"
*Slap—!*

又是重重的一巴掌，抽在了池小橙的脸上。
Another heavy slap landed across 池小橙's face.

面庞渐红，丝丝鲜红从嘴角溢出，垂下的秀发遮住了半只眼眸，让人看不出池小橙的表情。
Her cheek turned red, and a trickle of blood seeped from the corner of her mouth. Her hair fell, hiding one of her eyes and making her expression impossible to read.

一巴掌下去，刘桂芳也渐渐散去了因为害怕那样眼神而产生的怒气。
After landing the slap, some of 刘桂嘉's anger, which had flared from fear of that gaze, began to fade.

她冷笑一声，"再怎么瞪人，不也还是那个垃圾。"
She sneered, "No matter how hard you glare, you're still just trash."

"想必给你勇气的就是苏桃吧？"
"I bet it was 苏桃 who gave you this courage, wasn't it?"

她冷哼一声，语气怨毒，"她和你一样，不是个东西，装得一副清纯，到处散发那无处安放的狐臭，哼！"
She snorted, her voice full of venom, "She's just like you—good for nothing. Pretending to be so innocent, but she reeks of desperation. Hmph!"

"要不是我打不过她，她早就和你，还有我身后那家伙一样，成一条狗了。"
"If I could actually win a fight against her, she would've ended up just like you and that follower of mine—nothing more than a dog."

她吐了一口唾沫到地板，却没注意到池小橙的脸色愈发阴沉。
She spat on the floor, failing to notice that 池小橙's expression was growing darker.

继续说着："仗着自己长得好看，到处去勾引别人，恶心死了，不过我看她好像非常在意你的样子。"
She continued, "Using her pretty face to attract people everywhere... it's disgusting. But it looks like she cares a lot about you."

说着，又扬起池小橙的脸，勾住她的下巴，"你说，我要是用你来威胁一下苏桃，她会怎么样呢，会不会关心你呢？"
As she spoke, she lifted 池小橙's face, hooking a finger under her chin. "Tell me, if I were to use you to threaten 苏桃, what do you think she would do? Would she even care about you?"

池小橙幽幽睁眼，一对似猫般的竖瞳在昏暗的房间中散发红芒，声音嘶哑，"你这个问题的答案，我也想知道啊......"
池小橙 slowly opened her eyes. In the dim room, her cat-like vertical pupils glowed with a faint red light. In a hoarse voice, she said, "The answer to that question... I'd like to know that, too..."

"你说什么？"
"What did you say?"

刘桂嘉皱了皱眉。
刘桂嘉 frowned.

池小橙笑了出来，唇角溢出红色银线，淌着下巴流下，她再也没保持被欺负而委屈的娇弱演技。
池小橙 started to laugh, a thin line of red spilling from the corner of her lips and trickling down her chin. She was no longer acting the part of a weak, bullied victim.

好似忘记了自己的计划。
It was as if she had forgotten her own plan.

"你不是想划烂我的脸吗，你为什么不直接动手呢？"
"You wanted to slash my face, didn't you? Why don't you just do it?"

池小橙将脸凑近了一些，伸手再度钳住了刘桂嘉的一只手，力量不知从何而来。
池小橙 leaned her face closer, and with a sudden surge of strength, she once again grabbed one of 刘桂嘉's hands.

硬生生地将刘桂嘉扯着头发的手掰开。
She forcefully pried away the hand that was pulling her hair.

进一步凑到她的面前，二人鼻尖仅是毫厘之差。
She moved even closer, until their noses were almost touching.

"你......你干什么？"刘桂嘉被她的眼神吓到了，不由自主地后撤了一步。
"What... what are you doing?" Terrified by her gaze, 刘桂嘉 instinctively took a step back.

那是一双怎样的眼睛？
What kind of eyes were those?

不似人类的瞳孔，有些妖异地竖了起来，好似散发如血般殷红的光，仅是对视就不由感到恐惧。
Her pupils, vertical and unnatural, weren't human. They seemed to glow with a blood-red light, and just meeting her gaze filled one with fear.

像是正在护着孩子的恶狼。
Like a fierce wolf protecting her cub.

不，不对！
No, that wasn't right!

更像是母亲受伤，尚是幼子的小奶狼死死护着母亲的眼神。
It was more like the look of a young wolf pup desperately protecting its injured mother.

出于生物的本能。
A primal instinct.

然而池小橙，却是再靠近了一步，刘桂嘉握着的刀子，戳到了脸上。
But 池小橙 took another step forward, and the knife in 刘桂嘉's hand pricked her face.

扎出一个小小的伤口。
It created a small wound.

见红了。
Blood appeared.

和被殴打时流出的艳丽不一样。
It was different from the blood that flowed when she was beaten.

是池小橙主动靠近而出伤的，加上那妖异的赤瞳，渗人无比。
This wound came from her own advance. That, combined with her eerie, crimson eyes, was deeply unsettling.

池小橙呼出热气，伸手摸上了那个刀子，温柔得像在抚摸恋人，"怎么，不敢吗，还是说你说的话只是唬人呢？"
池小橙's warm breath was visible as she reached out and touched the knife, her gesture as gentle as caressing a lover. "What's wrong? Are you scared? Or were your words just empty threats?"

"你...你别过来！"
"You... you stay away from me!"

刘桂嘉猛地坐到了地上，双手举刀向前。
刘桂嘉 fell to the floor, holding the knife out in front of her with both hands.

这是自我保护的姿势。
It was a defensive posture.

她怕了。
She was afraid.

她甚至有一种感觉，如果自己真的将这把刀向前推去，池小橙会主动去迎合！
She even had a feeling that if she actually pushed the knife forward, 池小橙 would meet it willingly!

这家伙眼中没有一丝害怕。
There wasn't a trace of fear in her eyes.

这哪里像被欺凌了三年？
How could this be someone who had been bullied for three years?

气场是很奇妙的一种东西，特别在面对未知、反常理的事情时，人的大脑会短暂地进入自我保护状态。
Aura is a strange thing. Especially when faced with something unknown and illogical, the human brain temporarily enters a state of self-preservation.

俗称......宕机。
Commonly known as... freezing up.

就像人面临某种死亡，谁都知道要赶紧跑，可是恐惧弥漫全身，动不了分毫。
It's like when someone faces death; everyone knows they should run, but fear paralyzes the entire body, making it impossible to move.

刘桂嘉现在就有这样一种感觉。
That was exactly how 刘桂嘉 felt right now.

池小橙的眼神。
池小橙's gaze.

好像想
It was as if she wanted...

吃人！
...to eat someone!

攻守易型。
The roles of attacker and defender had been reversed.

池小橙狰狞笑着，"刘桂嘉，你也是个欺软怕硬的家伙啊，今天我本来就是让你欺负才喊你来的，你那几巴掌，那一拳力道很足，我很满意！"
池小橙 smiled menacingly. "刘桂嘉, you're just a coward who preys on the weak. I called you here today specifically to let you bully me. Those slaps, that punch... they were strong enough. I'm very satisfied!"

"但是啊！"池小橙往前靠了一步，"你说桃桃让我很不开心，虽说我不是病娇，也不算喜欢她，但她可是目前我活下来的唯一依靠。"
"But!" 池小橙 leaned forward. "What you said about 桃桃 really upset me. Even though I'm not a 'yandere', and I don't exactly 'like' her, she is my only reason for surviving right now."

"攻略女主那是多大的成就啊！"池小橙自言自语，表情逐渐兴奋，"像我们这种小配角、炮灰，只有给主角铺垫的份，但你知道吗，即便如此，桃桃还是会对我们这些配角洒下光芒。"
"Winning over the heroine... what a great achievement that would be!" 池小橙 muttered to herself, her expression growing excited. "Side characters and cannon fodder like us are only meant to pave the way for the main character. But did you know? Even so, 桃桃 still shines her light on us."

"正是知道原主做了那么过分的事情后，苏桃还原谅我并温柔地对待我，这是多么棒的一个女孩子。"
"Even after knowing all the terrible things the original owner of this body did, 苏桃 still forgave me and treated me with kindness. What an amazing girl she is."

"而不像我曾经爱过的人，付出了一切之后，依旧背叛我。"
"Not like the person I once loved, who betrayed me after I gave them everything."

"被挖穿的心房被人堵上的感觉你是不知道吧？"
"You wouldn't understand the feeling of having the hole in your heart filled by someone, would you?"

"欺善者？！"
"You prey on the kind?!"

池小橙站了起来，猛地抓住了刘桂嘉的小刀。
池小橙 stood up and suddenly grabbed the knife from 刘桂嘉.

刘桂嘉惊慌地想将小刀抽出，"你放手！"
Panicked, 刘桂嘉 tried to pull the knife back. "Let go!"

小刀纹丝不动，刀尖被池小橙握紧。
The knife didn't budge, its blade held tightly in 池小橙's grasp.

温热的液体从掌心涌到手腕，刘桂嘉震惊地发现，自己无法将小刀抽回来。
Warm liquid flowed from her palm to her wrist. 刘桂嘉 was shocked to find she couldn't pull the knife away.

她不疼吗？
Doesn't it hurt her?

"噌"的一下，刀柄脱手而出。
With a sudden tug, the handle slipped from her hand.

小刀被池小橙反握在手中，点点红色从尖端滴落，空气弥漫的味道刺鼻。
池小橙 held the knife in a reverse grip. Drops of red dripped from the tip, and a sharp smell filled the air.

"动手你都不敢的？"
"You don't even have the guts to do it yourself?"

池小橙冷笑一声，将自己额前的秀发撩起，刀尖抵在眉毛上方的额线。
池小橙 sneered, pushed her hair back from her forehead, and pressed the tip of the knife to the skin just above her eyebrows.

"滋啦——"
*Slice—*

一道鲜红淋漓的直线，自左眉毛上方，划到了右边。
A dripping, bright red line was drawn from above her left eyebrow to her right.

涌出的液体如同坠在玻璃上的水珠，滑落过眼帘，淌到脸颊。
The blood that welled up was like a raindrop on glass, sliding past her eyelid and down her cheek.

此时的池小橙，满脸瑰丽，渗人无比。
In that moment, 池小橙's face was a beautiful, terrifying sight.

奇怪的竖瞳折射出鲜红的色彩，唇角扬起怪异的笑容，"你不下手，一会儿别人来了，怎么才能知道我是被欺负的呢？"
Her strange, vertical pupils reflected a crimson light, and a bizarre smile played on her lips. "If you don't do it, how will anyone know I was the one being bullied when they arrive?"

"倒是你！"池小橙大跨步向前，骑在了刘桂嘉腿上，居高临下，"打我就算了，为什么要说那么多话呢，宣泄你作为胜利者的情绪吗？"
"But you!" 池小橙 strode forward and sat astride 刘桂嘉's legs, looking down at her. "Hitting me is one thing, but why did you have to talk so much? Were you just venting your 'victor's' emotions?"

把玩手中小刀，珠红滴落在刘桂嘉的皮肤，滚烫无比。
She toyed with the knife, letting a drop of crimson fall onto 刘桂嘉's skin. It felt scorching hot.

池小橙悠然道，"其实，你有一句话我觉得挺对的，我也很想知道要是以我的生命作为威胁，桃桃会有什么样的反应。"
池小橙 said calmly, "Actually, there's one thing you said that I agree with. I also want to know what kind of reaction 桃桃 would have if my life were used as a threat."

但也有一句话我认为不对。
"But there was something else you said that I don't agree with."

她的眼神，陡然犀利，"你说要将桃桃训成一条狗？"
Her gaze suddenly sharpened. "You said you'd train 桃桃 to be a dog?"

"你难道不知道吗，她是我的！"
"Don't you know? She's mine!"

"就算是变成狗，也是我的！"
"And even if she were to become a dog, she would be *my* dog!"

这个世界，唯有女主能让自己免受其他男主的针对，成功存活。
In this world, only the heroine could protect her from the other male leads and allow her to survive.

这是必须要改变的，作为反派炮灰的宿命！
This was a fate that had to be changed—the destiny of a villainous side character!

"那个谁，把窗关上，我怕她一会儿叫得太大声了。"
"Hey, you over there. Close the window. I'm worried she's going to scream too loudly."

池小橙冷冷地看向那个披散着头发，面容阴沉的跟班。
池小橙 looked coldly at the gloomy-faced follower with the disheveled hair.

接而伸出小舌，舔了一下刀身，"要不，让你也试试刚刚打我的滋味，怎么样？"
Then, she extended her tongue and licked the blade. "How about... I let you have a taste of what it felt like to hit me just now?" 