第35章 不像演的
Chapter 35: Doesn't Seem Like an Act
恐惧、颤抖，背后不知何时被冷汗浸湿。
Fear, trembling... a cold sweat had soaked her back before she even realized it.
刘桂嘉其实能感觉到，眼前的池小橙在身体上没有任何变化，她只需要稍微用力，就能将这病弱的家伙制服。
Liu Guijia could actually feel that Chi Xiaocheng hadn't changed physically at all. With just a little effort, she could easily overpower this frail girl.
可是身体就是不受控制。
But her body refused to obey.
完全动不了！
She couldn't move at all!
妖异赤红的竖瞳，满脸殷红如细流涓涓而下，小舌舐在散发寒芒的刀身，好似品尝自己的味道。
Those demonic, crimson irises, the scarlet streams trickling down her face, that little tongue licking the cold glint of the blade as if tasting her own flavor.
要死要死要死要死要死！
I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die!
刘桂嘉颤抖着手，却升不起一丝力气，她视线颤抖着四下寻找，向披头散发，抱膝的跟班投去求助的目光。
Liu Guijia's hands trembled, but she couldn't muster an ounce of strength. Her gaze shook as she searched around, casting a desperate look at her disheveled, knee-hugging lackey.
可眼前出现的画面，却让她瞳孔再一度收缩。
But the sight that met her eyes made her pupils shrink once more.
跟班蹲坐在地，死死地盯着她这边，刘桂嘉注意到，她散发下脸不再阴沉。
The lackey was crouched on the floor, staring intently in her direction. Liu Guijia noticed that the face beneath the messy hair was no longer sullen.
而是露出某种痴迷的笑容，双眼是她从未见过的亮光。
Instead, it wore a kind of obsessed smile, her eyes shining with a light she had never seen before.
——她不会来帮自己的。
—She wasn't going to help her.
刘桂嘉如是感到绝望。
A wave of despair washed over Liu Guijia.
也是，她毕竟也是和池小橙一样的存在，为什么会在这一刻出手帮自己呢？
Right, she was one of them, after all, just like Chi Xiaocheng. Why would she help her at a time like this?
"明明都是一条，都是一条狗！"兴许是愤怒冲上头脑，让刘桂嘉恢复了一点力气。
"You're both just dogs, nothing but dogs!" Perhaps the rush of anger restored a bit of her strength.
咬牙狰狞地看着池小橙，企图吓坏她，"有本事你现在就杀了我，否则之后你就死定了，不只是你，还有苏桃，那个婊......"
She gritted her teeth, glaring fiercely at Chi Xiaocheng, trying to scare her. "If you have the guts, kill me now. Otherwise, you're dead later. Not just you, but Su Tao too, that bitc—"
"Ah——！！！"
"Ahhh—!!!"
她还未说完，大腿就感受到了剧烈的疼痛。
Before she could finish, a sharp pain shot through her thigh.
恐吓变成了激怒。
The threat had only enraged her.
池小橙半蹲半跪在她面前，嘴角萦绕浅笑，"我没听到你说什么，能不能再大声点呢？"
Chi Xiaocheng was half-squatting, half-kneeling in front of her, a faint smile playing on her lips. "I didn't quite hear you. Could you say that a little louder?"
"窗户，都关好了哦~"
"The windows... they're all closed, you know~"
【宿主，冷静啊！】
【Host, calm down!】
此时，系统也忍不住出声干涉了。
At this moment, even the System couldn't help but intervene.
【出事的话，咱们作为反派就彻底没有翻身的可能了啊，即便是女主光环也保不住啊！】
【If something happens, we, as the villains, will have absolutely no chance of turning things around! Not even the heroine's halo can save you then!】
"放心统子。"
"Relax, Sys."
池小橙镇定的声音在脑海中响起。
Chi Xiaocheng's calm voice echoed in her mind.
系统听后，这才松了口气。
Hearing this, the System finally let out a sigh of relief.
【宿主你理智还在就好，吓死本系统了，都以为你因为女主苏桃而失去理智了呢】
【It's good that you're still rational, Host. You scared this System to death. I really thought you'd lost your mind over the heroine, Su Tao.】
池小橙笑了笑，在脑海中回道，"我为什么会失去理智呢，你也是搞笑。"
Chi Xiaocheng chuckled and replied in her mind, "Why would I lose my mind? You're being silly."
"其实我个人也清楚，虽然穿越到了这里，还绑定了你，但老实说从记忆中得知，原主其实是没死的，只是我鸠占鹊巢。"
"Honestly, I'm well aware that even though I've crossed over into this world and bonded with you, the original owner of this body isn't truly dead. I've simply taken her place."
"偶尔我出现反常的行为，我认为是原主仍然残留的思想影响着我。"
"The strange things I sometimes do... I believe it's the original owner's lingering thoughts influencing me."
她的分析就如同她说的一样理智。
Her analysis was as rational as her tone.
"就好像现在，你以为我是因为她说苏桃而冲动，但我自己知道并不是。"
"Like right now. You think I got impulsive because of what she said about Su Tao, but I know that's not it."
"是原主残留的思想影响到了我，她被欺凌了三年，无比憎恨这个刘桂嘉。"
"It's the original owner's residual thoughts affecting me. She was bullied for three years and despises this Liu Guijia with every fiber of her being."
"即便被欺负，她也不敢反抗，是没有那个勇气。"
"But even when she was bullied, she never dared to fight back. She didn't have the courage."
"但我不一样！"
"But I'm different!"
池小橙目光囧囧，"我不怕她，所以原主的残存思维影响着我要复仇。"
Chi Xiaocheng's eyes burned brightly. "I'm not afraid of her. That's why the original owner's lingering thoughts are pushing me to get revenge."
"这才是我现在这样的主要原因，实际上我理智一点都没断，更没被苏桃影响。"
"That's the real reason I'm like this right now. In reality, I haven't lost my senses at all, and I'm definitely not influenced by Su Tao."
心中与系统聊天，唇角却不由自主地说了一句出来，"毕竟我说过了，我又不是真的病娇。"
While chatting with the System in her mind, a sentence escaped her lips unintentionally, "After all, I've said it before... I'm not a real yandere."
【可是宿主，你真的不像演的】
【But Host, it really doesn't seem like you're acting.】
【原主还有思维和灵魂在作为系统的我怎么没检测出来呀】
【If the original owner's thoughts and soul were still here, how come I, the System, haven't detected them?】
【我好怕QAQ】
【I'm so scared QAQ】
"潜意识的东西你要是能检测出来，那你也不会这么废物了。"
"If you could detect things from the subconscious, you wouldn't be so useless."
池小橙回答着系统的话，可在刘桂嘉眼里看来，她就是在自言自语。
Chi Xiaocheng was replying to the System, but in Liu Guijia's eyes, she was just talking to herself.
原本就积满了的恐惧，彻底溢出。
The fear that had been building up finally overflowed.
她瞪大着眼睛，惊骇地伸出一只手指着池小橙，甚至不顾腿上的疼痛，轻声呢喃着，"疯了...疯了..."
Her eyes wide, she pointed a horrified finger at Chi Xiaocheng, ignoring the pain in her leg, and whispered softly, "She's crazy... crazy..."
说的到底是什么莫名其妙的话。
What on earth was she babbling about.
"原来已经疯了，难怪...难怪......."
"So she's already lost her mind... no wonder... no wonder..."
"哈哈哈，哈哈哈哈哈！"刘桂嘉流出眼泪，大笑了起来，"原来是已经疯了，难怪会这样，难怪...哈哈哈哈哈哈......"
"Hahaha, hahahahaha!" Tears streamed down Liu Guijia's face as she burst out laughing. "So she's crazy! No wonder she's like this, no wonder... hahahahahaha..."
可实际上，疯的人到底是谁呢？
But in reality, who was the one who had truly gone mad?
兴许是这张狂的笑声传到了外面，走廊此时传来了一阵急促的脚步。
Perhaps that wild laughter reached the hallway, as a set of urgent footsteps could now be heard.
她的小耳朵动了一下。
Her little ears twitched.
唇角勾出莫名的笑容。
A strange smile curved her lips.
一把将插在她腿上的刀子拔出，沾着红色的手拍了拍刘桂嘉的脸蛋。
She yanked the knife from the other girl's thigh, then patted Liu Guijia's cheek with her red-stained hand.
黏稠的触感，令笑声戛然而止。
The sticky sensation brought the laughter to an abrupt halt.
池小橙咧嘴一笑，"别这样嘛，你才是欺凌者哦~"
Chi Xiaocheng grinned. "Now, now, you're the bully here~"
刀子，塞到了她的手里。
The knife was shoved into her hands.
池小橙又陡然往旁边一躺。
Then, Chi Xiaocheng suddenly threw herself sideways.
"砰——"
*Thump—*
一头茶色秀发飘散，她倒在了温热的殷红中。
Her light brown hair fanned out as she collapsed into a pool of warm crimson.
而刘桂嘉，则跪坐在她面前，双手僵硬地握着小刀。
And Liu Guijia was left kneeling before her, her hands stiffly clutching the small knife.
满脸惊骇。
A look of pure horror on her face.
就连那个蹲坐在后面的跟班，都满眼疑惑。
Even the lackey crouching in the back was filled with confusion.
疑惑池小橙的行动。
Confused by Chi Xiaocheng's actions.
为什么要这样做呢？
Why would she do that?
下一秒，她的疑惑就得到了回答。
The next second, her question was answered.
原本遮掩没锁紧的大门，猛地被打了开来。
The door, which hadn't been properly closed, was suddenly thrown open.
"小橙！发生什么事了！"
"Xiaocheng! What happened?!"
苏桃微微喘息，在出了电梯她就听到了莫名的笑声，起先还以为是谁在发癫，可听下来却发现，竟然是池小橙的套房传出的。
Su Tao was breathing heavily. She had heard the strange laughter right after getting off the elevator. At first, she thought someone was just having a fit, but as she listened closer, she realized it was coming from Chi Xiaocheng's suite.
而且这声线，莫名地熟悉。
And the voice was strangely familiar.
马不停蹄地跑来，映入眼帘的景象，让她瞳孔收缩。
She rushed over without a second's delay, and the scene that greeted her made her pupils contract.
只见池小橙背对着她，倒在一摊殷红，而她的正对面，刘桂嘉正握着小刀，视线幽幽地看向这边。
She saw Chi Xiaocheng with her back to her, lying in a pool of red. Directly across from her, Liu Guijia was holding a small knife, her gaze drifting hauntingly in this direction.
远远的身后，还有着一个头发几乎盖住脸颊的女孩子，她的双眼仿佛散发着崇拜的目光。
Far behind them was another girl whose hair almost completely covered her face, her eyes seeming to radiate a look of adoration.
任谁不了解情况，看到这一幕都会误解。
Anyone who didn't know the situation would misunderstand this scene.
苏桃也是如此。
Su Tao was no exception.
她攥紧了拳迈步走了过去，"刘桂嘉，你对小橙做了什么！"
She clenched her fists and strode forward. "Liu Guijia, what did you do to Xiaocheng?!"
刘桂嘉陡然瞪大眼睛，"哐当"一声将刀子扔开，害怕地后退着，"我...我什么都没做，一切都是池小橙干的，都是她干的啊！"
Liu Guijia's eyes flew open. With a "clatter," she threw the knife away and backed up in fear. "I... I didn't do anything! It was all Chi Xiaocheng! She did all of this!"
"你觉得我会信吗？"
"Do you think I'd believe you?"
"你不信我有什么办法！"刘桂嘉大声嘶吼，"明明是她自己这样的，是她在自导自演，是她疯了，跟我有什么……"
"What can I do if you don't believe me!" Liu Guijia shrieked. "She did this to herself! It's all an act she orchestrated! She's the one who's crazy, what does it have to do with me—"
苏桃三步并作两步。
Su Tao closed the distance in a few quick strides.
"嘭——！"
*Pow—!*
一拳，将刘桂嘉打翻过去。
A single punch sent Liu Guijia flying.
"呃啊啊啊啊啊！"
"Arghhhh!"
苏桃不顾刘桂嘉的呐喊。
Su Tao ignored Liu Guijia's screams.
心疼地蹲了下来，不顾脏乱，想要将池小橙扶起。
She knelt down, her heart aching, and reached out to help Chi Xiaocheng up, heedless of the mess.
可见到脸颊的那一刻，又是瞳孔收缩。
But the moment she saw her face, her pupils contracted again.
苏桃的声音，压抑着愤怒，"刘桂嘉，如果小橙出什么事，你......"
Su Tao's voice was heavy with suppressed rage. "Liu Guijia, if anything happens to Xiaocheng, you..."
"疯了，都疯了！"
"They're crazy, they're all crazy!"
话音未落，刘桂嘉捂着头，逃似的冲向门口。
Before she could finish, Liu Guijia clutched her head and fled towards the door.
"嘶——"苏桃作势就想阻止，理智还是让她强行冷静了下来。
"Hiss—" Su Tao moved to stop her, but her rational side forced her to calm down.
身旁幽幽传来声音，"那个，先叫救护车吧？"
A quiet voice came from beside her, "Um, shouldn't we call an ambulance first?"
是那个脸色阴沉的女生。
It was the sullen-faced girl.
说完这句话后，便跟着刘桂嘉的脚步，迅速出了房间。
After saying this, she quickly followed Liu Guijia out of the room.
苏桃沉默，连忙拿出手机，"喂，东方阳吗，能不能让你的医生来一趟。"
Su Tao fell silent, then quickly pulled out her phone. "Hello, Dongfang Yang? Can you have your doctor make a trip over?"
"地址是......小橙家里。"
"The address is... Chi Xiaocheng's place." 