第36章 割裂的人设
Chapter 36: The Fractured Persona
“桃桃，是你吗？”
"Tao Tao, is that you?"
苏桃电话刚挂断，池小橙便从“昏迷”中幽幽醒来。
Just as Su Tao hung up the phone, Chi Xiaocheng slowly woke up from her "unconscious" state.
声音嘶哑，带着哭腔。
Her voice was hoarse and held back a sob.
苏桃脸色一软，心疼地询问道，“小橙，先别说话，你还有伤，一会儿东方阳的医生就来了。”
Su Tao's expression softened, and she asked with concern, "Xiaocheng, don't talk yet. You're still hurt. Dongfang Yang's doctor will be here soon."
池小橙笑容牵强，“没事的桃桃，就是额头有点疼，脸也有点，其他的话还好。”
Chi Xiaocheng forced a smile. "I'm fine, Tao Tao. It's just my forehead that hurts a bit, and my face too. Other than that, I'm okay."
“脸......”
"Your face..."
苏桃这才注意到，轻轻抹去脸上的水渍，脸上有一个明显的拳印。
Su Tao finally noticed it. Gently wiping away the tear stains, she saw a clear fist mark on her face.
又轻轻抚开池小橙的秀发，这才见到，额头上那一道幅度广、却又不深的沟壑，此时依旧有着冒出点点润红。
She gently pushed aside Chi Xiaocheng's hair and saw a wide but shallow cut on her forehead, still dotted with fresh red blood.
苏桃倒吸了一口气，强迫自己冷静下来。
Su Tao gasped and forced herself to calm down.
池小橙一直注意着苏桃的小表情，哪能猜不到她想的什么。
Chi Xiaocheng had been watching Su Tao's subtle expressions the whole time, so she knew exactly what she was thinking.
挂着紧张又庆幸的语气，询问道，“那个桃...桃桃，我的脸，应该没事吧，如果变得不好看了，你...你会不会不要我了？”
With a voice full of both nervousness and relief, she asked, "Um, Tao... Tao Tao, my face... it'll be okay, right? If I'm not pretty anymore, you... you won't leave me, will you?"
她嘴唇哆嗦，好似要哭出来，“她刚刚...刚刚说想划烂我的脸，如果不是我躲过了那一刀，就真的...真的破相了呜呜呜.......”
Her lips trembled as if she was about to cry. "She just... she just said she wanted to slash my face. If I hadn't dodged that knife, I would have been... really disfigured... *sob*..."
“桃桃你...你别不要我啊！”
"Tao Tao, you... you can't leave me!"
惊慌、无措，演技全开，池小橙泪如雨下。
Panicked and helpless, with her acting skills on full display, Chi Xiaocheng's tears streamed down like rain.
原本还理智的苏桃，听到这话，顿时怒火心中烧！
Su Tao, who had been trying to stay rational, felt a surge of anger ignite within her when she heard those words.
伸手抓住了旁边的一只苹果，像是发泄情绪一样，手臂用力。
She reached out, grabbed a nearby apple, and squeezed it hard, as if to release her emotions.
“嘭！”
"CRACK!"
苹果被捏爆了。
The apple was crushed in her hand.
原本在装哭的池小橙不由呆了一下。
Chi Xiaocheng, who had been pretending to cry, was momentarily stunned.
她知道苏桃有点武力值。
She knew Su Tao had some fighting ability.
但这是不是太超标了点？
But wasn't this a bit over the top?
原主之前到底是怎么把苏桃弄晕关在小黑屋的啊？
How on earth did the original owner manage to knock Su Tao out and lock her in a dark room?
不过震惊归震惊，戏不能断。
But despite her shock, the show had to go on.
哭还得继续哭。
The crying had to continue.
直至苏桃温柔地揩拭眼泪，池小橙这才慢慢呜咽了起来，“桃桃？”
Only when Su Tao gently wiped away her tears did Chi Xiaocheng's crying soften into sobs. "Tao Tao?"
苏桃露出让人安心的笑容，“安心，我什么时候说过不要小橙了呢？”
Su Tao gave her a reassuring smile. "Don't worry. When have I ever said I would leave Xiaocheng?"
“这种话以后不许再想了。”叮嘱一句，苏桃又上下检查了一下，确认池小橙只是额头划伤，脸部有些许未褪去的痕迹外，其他还好。
"Don't you ever think like that again," Su Tao added, then looked her over once more to confirm that besides the cut on her forehead and the faint marks on her face, Chi Xiaocheng was otherwise okay.
将池小橙扶到椅子上，苏桃柔声道，“小橙你稍等，我帮你简单处理一下。”
Helping Chi Xiaocheng to a chair, Su Tao said softly, "Wait here a moment, Xiaocheng. Let me clean you up a bit."
说罢，她朝着电视机下面的柜台走去，熟练地打开柜子，将里面的紧急医药箱拿了出来。
With that, she walked over to the cabinet under the TV, skillfully opened it, and took out the first-aid kit.
只是在挑选药品时，她又不免愣了一下。
But as she was selecting the medical supplies, she couldn't help but pause for a moment.
现在的这一幕，好像以前时常发生过。
This scene felt so familiar, as if it had happened many times before.
自从小橙步入高三，开始在这边居住后，有一段同居的时间，小橙偶尔回来是带伤的。
Ever since Xiaocheng started her final year of high school and began living here, there was a period when they lived together, and Xiaocheng would sometimes come home with injuries.
她只是说自己摔的，难不成
She always just said she had fallen. Could it be...
苏桃心中沉了一思，拿着消毒的药品和棉签纱布就走向池小橙，“消毒的过程可能稍微有点疼，忍一下知道吗？”
A heavy thought settled in Su Tao's mind. She picked up the disinfectant, cotton swabs, and gauze, and walked towards Chi Xiaocheng. "This might sting a little while I clean it. Just bear with it, okay?"
“没事的，我习惯了的！”
"It's okay, I'm used to it!"
池小橙乖巧地闭上眼睛，稍稍抬起头。
Chi Xiaocheng obediently closed her eyes and lifted her head slightly.
脑海中响起系统断断续续的声音。
The system's intermittent voice sounded in her mind.
【情绪值+3...】
[Emotion Value +3...]
【情绪值+5...】
[Emotion Value +5...]
【情绪值+10...】
[Emotion Value +10...]
她清楚苏桃因为自己的话产生了不小的情绪波动，所以被系统捕获到。
She knew her words had caused a significant emotional stir in Su Tao, which the system had captured.
可惜的是，情绪值会随着各路主角们的适应性逐渐递减。
Unfortunately, the Emotion Value gained would gradually decrease as the main characters got used to things.
池小橙不能通过同一种事情反复去卡bug刷情绪值。
Chi Xiaocheng couldn't keep exploiting the same trick to farm Emotion Value.
比如她的卖惨，苏桃起初心疼情绪值会加很多。
For example, when she first played the victim, Su Tao's pity would grant her a lot of Emotion Value.
后来再卖惨，即便同样心疼，但增加的情绪值就会弱很多。
But if she did it again later, even if Su Tao felt just as sorry for her, the amount of Emotion Value gained would be much lower.
盘算下来，每一点都至关重要啊！
When you thought about it, every single point was crucial!
止血，上药，暂时用纱布缠住额头。
Stop the bleeding, apply the medicine, and temporarily wrap the forehead with gauze.
苏桃不是专业的医生，只是学过一些普通的应急方法。
Su Tao wasn't a professional doctor; she had only learned some basic first aid.
具体情况如何，还得等真正的医生判断。
The true extent of the injuries would have to be determined by a real doctor.
说曹操曹操就到。
Speak of the devil.
本就没关的房门被打开，东方阳带着两位医生迅速走了进来，第一反应是地上的一摊殷红，不由瞳孔一缩，“喂，这是什么情况？”
The already open door was pushed open further, and Dongfang Yang quickly entered with two doctors. His first reaction was to the pool of dark red blood on the floor, and his pupils constricted. "Hey, what happened here?"
苏桃起身，解释道，“是小橙高中时候的一些不良少女找她麻烦，我到的时候小橙已经受伤了，照顾小橙要紧，那群人跑了我就没有去追。”
Su Tao stood up and explained, "Some delinquents from Xiaocheng's high school were bothering her. By the time I got here, she was already hurt. Taking care of her was more important, so I didn't chase after them when they ran away."
东方阳眼神示意了两位医生。
Dongfang Yang signaled to the two doctors with his eyes.
两个医生点了点头。
The two doctors nodded.
二人对视一眼，女医生将药箱交给了男医生，担任起了给池小橙检查的工作。
They exchanged a look, and the female doctor handed her medical kit to the male doctor, taking on the task of examining Chi Xiaocheng.
“稍微有点出血，脸部遭受创伤，好在口腔内部没什么问题，但为了防止脸部肿痛，也需要进行外敷，最近以清淡的吃食为主，养一养就好了。”
"There's some minor bleeding and trauma to the face, but thankfully, the inside of her mouth is fine. To prevent swelling, she'll need a cold compress. She should also stick to a light diet for a while, and she'll recover just fine."
女医生说的话，让在场的几人全都松了口气。
The female doctor's words made everyone in the room breathe a sigh of relief.
紧接着，苏桃便安排道，“小橙你休息一下，然后去洗个澡吧。”
Then, Su Tao arranged, "Xiaocheng, you should rest for a bit, and then go take a shower."
这时，池小橙看向苏桃，面露期待，“桃桃你能帮我洗吗？”
At that moment, Chi Xiaocheng looked at Su Tao with an expectant expression. "Tao Tao, can you help me wash?"
东方阳闻言，微微挑眉。
Hearing this, Dongfang Yang raised an eyebrow slightly.
池小橙看向了苏桃的衣服，因为刚刚给她做应急处理，衣服也很脏，索性直接道，“要不我们一起洗吧，因为我还把桃桃你的衣服弄脏了。”
Chi Xiaocheng glanced at Su Tao's clothes, which were dirty from giving her first aid, and said directly, "How about we wash together? I got your clothes dirty, too."
东方阳嘴角不断抽搐。
The corner of Dongfang Yang's mouth twitched repeatedly.
视线在池小橙脸上和苏桃脸上闪转腾挪。
His gaze darted back and forth between Chi Xiaocheng's face and Su Tao's.
如果是之前，苏桃会毫不犹豫地答应。
Before, Su Tao would have agreed without a second thought.
可得知池小橙对自己奇怪的感情，还有那样的病娇。
But now, knowing about Chi Xiaocheng's strange feelings for her, and that possessive side...
理智告诉苏桃，不能答应这个请求。
Reason told Su Tao that she couldn't agree to this request.
她抿嘴笑道，“要不让医生姐姐帮忙吧，作为医生她肯定清楚哪里不能碰水。”
She smiled and said, "How about we let the doctor help you? As a doctor, she'll know exactly where you can't get water on your injury."
东方阳见状，站出来点头，“如果恢复身体的话自己洗也行的，你们这小破地方，两个人不挤吗？”
Seeing his chance, Dongfang Yang stepped in and nodded. "If you want to recover, you should probably wash by yourself. Besides, wouldn't two people be a tight squeeze in this tiny little place of yours?"
“好...好吧。”池小橙表现得有些失落，但也没忤逆。
"O... okay," Chi Xiaocheng said, looking a little disappointed, but she didn't argue.
苏桃见状，头疼地揉了揉眉心，不止是这次不良少女的事情，小橙的病娇也是一大问题啊，如果东方阳没在这里，她会不会强硬地想自己和她一起洗呢？
Seeing this, Su Tao rubbed her temples with a headache. It wasn't just about the delinquents this time; Xiaocheng's possessiveness was a huge problem. If Dongfang Yang hadn't been here, would she have insisted that they wash together?
她怀着歉意，对东方阳说道，“这次也麻烦你了，要不你先坐一下吧，我处理一下地板。”
Feeling apologetic, she said to Dongfang Yang, "Sorry to trouble you again. Why don't you have a seat? I'll clean up the floor."
如一位勤恳的妻子，穿上围裙后熟练地做起了家务活。
Like a diligent wife, she put on an apron and skillfully started doing housework.
东方阳出门，抬头看向走廊的摄像头，对楼道的保镖说道，“我们去物业看一下摄像头。”
Dongfang Yang went out, looked up at the camera in the hallway, and said to the bodyguard in the corridor, "Let's go to the property management office and check the security footage."
来到物业，以他大少爷的身份，保安自然不会拦。
When they arrived at the management office, with his status as a young master, the security guard naturally didn't stop them.
没多时，就见到监控上，池小橙和刘桂嘉相见的那一幕。
Before long, they saw the scene from the monitor where Chi Xiaocheng met Liu Guijia.
面对这样的不良少女，画面中的池小橙畏畏缩缩，连看都不敢去看对方。
Faced with such a delinquent, the Chi Xiaocheng in the video was timid and shrank back, not even daring to look at the other person.
“确实蠢得可以。”
"Truly as foolish as they come."
东方阳点点头，没看出什么池小橙的异样。
Dongfang Yang nodded, not noticing anything unusual about Chi Xiaocheng.
倒是有一点他不明白。
However, there was one thing he didn't understand.
转头看向身后的保镖，问道，“你从池小橙身上看到了什么？”
He turned to the bodyguard behind him and asked, "What do you see in Chi Xiaocheng?"
保镖愣了一下，“应该是被欺负惯了，这哪里像是让对方还钱的样子。”
The bodyguard was taken aback for a moment. "It looks like she's used to being bullied. She doesn't look at all like someone demanding money back."
“是的，她性格很懦。”东方阳摸了摸下巴，“但我不解的是，她那么懦，为什么当初敢犯大忌去绑架苏桃？”
"Yes, she has a very timid personality," Dongfang Yang said, stroking his chin. "But what I don't get is, if she's so timid, why did she dare to cross such a major line and kidnap Su Tao back then?"
“叶良总比这群不良少女恐怖多了吧？”
"Ye Liang is way more terrifying than this group of delinquents, isn't he?"
之前冷静下来他就觉得不对了，池小橙那个为了苏桃而献身的理由，有点站不住。
He had felt something was off when he calmed down earlier. Chi Xiaocheng's reason for sacrificing herself for Su Tao didn't quite add up.
她表现得太懦了，那样冲动的勇气，是谁给的？
She acted far too timidly. Who gave her that kind of impulsive courage? 