第38章 苏桃：小橙她真的是病娇吗？
Chapter 38: Su Tao: Is Xiao Cheng Really a Yandere?
苏桃的行动力很强，每当有想法时，只要没其他重要的事情阻碍她，那么她就会对自己的想法为之付出行动。
Su Tao was a woman of action. Whenever an idea popped into her head, she would act on it immediately, as long as nothing more important stood in her way.
就像现在。
And that was exactly what she was doing now.
安顿好池小橙后，便马不停蹄地乘上了公交。
After making sure Chi Xiao Cheng was settled, she hopped on a bus without a moment's delay.
目标是曾经的高中。
Her destination was her old high school.
准确来说，是高中附近一条乱巷里的一户人家。
Or more precisely, a house in a messy alley near the school.
傍晚，刘桂嘉正瘸着腿坐在破旧的小房子内，在手机内输入着什么，脸色阴寒无比。
In the evening, Liu Guijia sat in her rundown little house, typing something on her phone. Her leg was injured, and her face was dark with anger.
"池小橙，苏桃...我早晚要让你们好看！"
"Chi Xiao Cheng, Su Tao... I'll make you both pay for this, sooner or later!"
她咬牙怨恨，又看向了跪在一边阴沉的跟班。
She gritted her teeth in resentment and turned to her gloomy follower, who was kneeling beside her.
一把揪住了她的头发，"你这贱婢，刚刚在屋子里为什么不帮我？"
She grabbed the girl's hair. "You useless thing, why didn't you help me back there?"
女孩被迫仰着头，脸上疤痕一道又一道，她咬着牙，身子颤抖得说不出话。
Forced to look up, the girl's face was covered in scars. She bit her lip, her body trembling too much to speak.
刘桂嘉见状，泄愤地甩去了一巴掌，怒骂道，"废物！"
Seeing this, Liu Guijia slapped her in frustration and cursed, "Useless!"
"一会儿你要去邱丽那边是吧，记得跟那家伙说，让她把人都喊一下，老娘后天...不，明天就要去干死那两个贱货！"
"You're going to see Qiu Li later, right? Tell her to call everyone. The day after tomorrow... no, tomorrow, I'm going to crush those two girls!"
拳头握紧，指骨噼里啪啦地响着。
She clenched her fists, her knuckles cracking loudly.
她手底下光是不良，就有十几号人，加上两位姐妹，四五十号人冲过去，她苏桃一个人再怎么厉害，能打赢这么多人？
She had over a dozen delinquents under her command. With her two close friends, that made a group of forty or fifty people. No matter how tough Su Tao was, could she really fight that many people alone?
挨了一巴掌，跟班似乎早已习惯，没有生气，反而弱弱地说着，"我们打不过苏桃的。"
The follower, who seemed used to being hit, didn't get angry. Instead, she said weakly, "We can't beat Su Tao."
"长他人志气，灭自己威风？"
"Siding with the enemy before we even fight?"
刘桂嘉脸色扭曲，索性一脚把跟班踹到一边，站起身怒道，"如果不是刚刚池小橙疯了，搞得我被吓了一跳，我多少也要跟她比划比划！"
Liu Guijia's face twisted in anger. She kicked the follower aside and stood up, shouting, "If Chi Xiao Cheng hadn't gone crazy and startled me, I would have definitely fought her!"
恰逢此时，门外忽然响起急促的脚步声。
Just then, the sound of urgent footsteps came from outside.
一个穿着破烂皮衣的不良少女闯了进来，"不...不好了大姐头，苏桃打过来了！"
A delinquent girl in a worn-out leather jacket burst in. "B-bad news, boss! Su Tao is here!"
"什么？！"
"What?!"
刘桂嘉"噌"地站了起来，却又因为扭到腿，疼得倒吸了一口凉气。
Liu Guijia shot to her feet, but twisted her injured leg and hissed in pain.
她连忙问这个小弟，"苏桃怎么会过来这边，咱们这里离九州大学至少一个小时的车程吧？"
She quickly asked the subordinate, "How did Su Tao get here? We're at least an hour's bus ride from Kyushu University, right?"
"不知道啊姐！"这位小弟哭着道，"她...她好像是来报仇的，大伙都大学是成年人了，她玩什么命啊！"
"I don't know, boss!" the subordinate cried. "She... she seems to be here for revenge! We're all adults in college now, why is she acting so crazy?!"
刘桂嘉咽了一口唾沫。
Liu Guijia swallowed hard.
报仇
Revenge.
她是给池小橙报仇的！
She was here to get revenge for Chi Xiao Cheng!
跑？
Run?
这里是自己家，是大本营啊，这时候如果跑，另外两个姐妹会怎么想？
This was her home, her base of operations. If she ran now, what would her two friends think?
刘桂嘉深吸一口气，眼神变得狠戾了起来，"你去把姐妹们都召集起来，她苏桃就一个人，难道还打得过我们十几个人？"
Liu Guijia took a deep breath, her eyes turning fierce. "Go and gather our friends. Su Tao is alone. You think she can beat more than a dozen of us?"
"今天我非要跟她掰掰手腕！"
"Today, I'm going to show her what I'm made of!"
话音刚落，房门就被轻轻推开，冷淡的声音缓缓响起，"哦？是吗？"
As soon as she finished speaking, the door was gently pushed open, and a cool voice slowly asked, "Oh? Is that so?"
"苏桃！"
"Su Tao!"
报信的小弟惊讶出声，上下打量见她完全无伤后，眼睛一闭昏了下去。
The messenger cried out in surprise. After looking her up and down and seeing she was completely unharmed, he closed his eyes and fainted.
苏桃瞥了眼那小弟，淡淡说道，"出去，我今天只找刘桂嘉。"
Su Tao glanced at the fainted subordinate and said flatly, "Get out. I'm only here for Liu Guijia today."
已经昏了的小弟顿时瞪大眼睛，对苏桃讪讪一笑，连滚带爬地溜出大门。
The supposedly fainted subordinate's eyes snapped open. He gave Su Tao an awkward smile, then scrambled out the door.
房间仅剩刘桂嘉和她的跟班。
Only Liu Guijia and her follower remained in the room.
后者缩到了角落，一头刘海遮住眼睛，好奇地看着苏桃。
The follower shrank into a corner, her long bangs covering her eyes as she watched Su Tao with curiosity.
而刘桂嘉，咬着牙质问苏桃，"你什么意思？"
Liu Guijia, on the other hand, gritted her teeth and demanded, "What do you want?"
"怎么，刚刚你打了小橙，现在反倒要装无辜？"
"What? You just hurt Xiao Cheng, and now you're going to play innocent?"
苏桃冷着脸，她来这里的目的很简单。
Su Tao's face was cold. Her reason for coming here was simple.
就是给池小橙找回公道。
She was here to get justice for Chi Xiao Cheng.
或者更直白一点，报仇！
Or to put it more bluntly, revenge!
要不是今天的意外，她甚至都不知道，池小橙居然被这家伙欺凌了三年。
If it weren't for today's incident, she never would have known that this person had bullied Chi Xiao Cheng for three years.
"看来高中的教训你还没吃够啊？"
"It seems you didn't learn your lesson in high school, did you?"
刘桂嘉咬着牙，语气怨恨，"我刚刚说了，我没对池小橙做什么，最多就是打了她一拳，其余的我什么都没干！"
Liu Guijia clenched her jaw, her voice full of resentment. "I already told you, I didn't do anything to Chi Xiao Cheng! At most, I punched her once. I didn't do anything else!"
说完，又指着自己打了绷带的腿，"就连这个，还是池小橙戳的！"
Then, she pointed to her bandaged leg. "And this? Chi Xiao Cheng was the one who stabbed me!"
苏桃看傻子一样看着她，"你觉得我会信吗，你这伤我一看就知道是小橙反抗时的意外，你当我是傻子？"
Su Tao looked at her as if she were an idiot. "Do you think I'd believe that? I can tell that wound was an accident from when Xiao Cheng was defending herself. Do you take me for a fool?"
刘桂嘉瞪大眼睛。
Liu Guijia's eyes widened.
当时的情况，明明她才是受害者好不好！
In that situation, she was clearly the victim!
刘桂嘉算是明白了，苏桃根本不在乎所谓的真相，她自己来找自己报仇的。
Liu Guijia finally understood. Su Tao didn't care about the truth; she was just here for revenge.
还能跑吗？
Could she still run?
根本没机会！
No chance at all.
刘桂嘉深呼吸一口气，不再畏惧，而是直直地站在苏桃面前，沉声道，"既然如此，那就手底下见真章吧，别以为我真的怕了你！"
Liu Guijia took a deep breath, her fear replaced by determination. She stood straight in front of Su Tao and said in a low voice, "If that's how it is, then let's settle this with our fists. Don't think I'm actually afraid of you!"
刘桂嘉说完，猛地沉腰。
After speaking, Liu Guijia suddenly dropped into a low stance.
"别以为我还是高中那个一窍不通的小不良，我可是跟我那混道上的哥哥学过几招的，苏桃你就受死吧！"
"Don't think I'm the same clueless delinquent from high school. I've learned a few moves from my brother who's in a gang. Prepare to die, Su Tao!"
她直接在原地甩了一套军体拳。
She performed a set of military-style boxing moves right on the spot.
那叫一个虎虎生风，气势汹涌。
It was a series of powerful and impressive-looking movements.
"苏桃，给我死！"
"Su Tao, die!"
一步迈出！
She took a step forward!
"嘭——！"
*Thump—!*
然后她就被苏桃一拳干倒了。
And then she was knocked to the ground by a single punch from Su Tao.
刘桂嘉捂着脸蹲在地上，脑袋嗡嗡的。
Liu Guijia crouched on the floor, holding her face, her head ringing.
"就这？"
"Is that all?"
苏桃抓着她的衣袖，提了起来，"高中混了三年，大学了还在这老破地，要不是今天的事情，我还真不知道你欺负了小橙这么久！"
Su Tao grabbed her by the collar and lifted her up. "You wasted three years of high school, and now in college, you're still in this dump. If it wasn't for today, I would have never known you've been bullying Xiao Cheng for so long!"
刘桂嘉委屈道，"之前就算了，今天明明她在欺负我！"
Liu Guijia said tearfully, "Forget about the past, today she was the one bullying me!"
"还在嘴硬？"
"Still talking back?"
苏桃没客气，直接就是一套组合拳下去。
Su Tao didn't hold back and delivered a series of quick punches.
彻底将刘桂嘉打得涕泪直流。
She beat Liu Guijia until tears and snot streamed down her face.
后者一头黄毛早已脏掉，她哭着大声喊道，"说了你又不信，不说你又觉得我倔，我能怎么办啊，一开始她让我还钱，我不想还就打了她一拳，谁知道她忽然就疯了！"
Her bleached-blond hair was a mess. She cried out, "You don't believe me when I tell you, but if I don't say anything, you think I'm being stubborn! What can I do? At first, she told me to pay her back. I didn't want to, so I punched her. Who knew she would suddenly go crazy!"
刘桂嘉也是被打怕了，想到什么说什么，声音哽咽委屈，"一边说着什么她才是受害者，一边又说病娇什么的，我当时都感觉她要杀了我了，为什么你就是不信啊！"
Beaten into fear, Liu Guijia blurted out everything, her voice choked with sobs. "She kept saying she was the victim, and then something about being a yandere... I really thought she was going to kill me! Why won't you believe me?!"
此刻的她哪里还有刚才的意气风发？
Where was the fierce attitude she had just moments ago?
但苏桃，却切实地因为这一番话而停下了手。
But Su Tao actually stopped because of those words.
深深皱着眉毛，脸色不解，"你刚刚说，小橙说了病娇什么的？"
She frowned deeply, a look of confusion on her face. "You just said... Xiao Cheng mentioned something about a yandere?"
刘桂嘉抹了一把眼泪，点点头，"当时她骑在我身上，拨弄着那把刀一直自言自语，说了你又不信，还一直揍我让我说实话，你是人吗！"
Liu Guijia wiped away her tears and nodded. "She was sitting on top of me, playing with that knife and talking to herself. You wouldn't believe me if I told you, and you just kept hitting me, telling me to tell the truth. Are you even human?!"
苏桃挠了挠脸颊，心中本能地闪过一抹愧疚。
Su Tao scratched her cheek, a flash of guilt crossing her mind.
可转念一想，这家伙无恶不作，自己完全不需要愧疚。
But then she remembered all the bad things this person had done, and decided she had no reason to feel guilty.
眼下，倒是有更重要的事情。
Right now, there was something more important.
于是一把揪过她的衣领，恶狠狠道，"将房间里发生的事情，一五一十地告诉我！"
So she grabbed her by the collar again and said fiercely, "Tell me everything that happened in that room, from beginning to end!"
小橙是病娇，这点她是知道的。
She knew that Xiao Cheng was a yandere.
可让她百思不得其解的是，池小橙为什么会主动提到病娇这个词？
But what she couldn't understand was why Chi Xiao Cheng would mention the word "yandere" herself.
既然她本人意识到了什么是病娇，那她还能是病娇吗？
If she was aware of what a yandere was, could she still be one?
她隐隐觉得，发生在池小橙身上的事情，远没有自己想的那么简单。 