第39章 你养的病娇，你不知道？
Chapter 39: You Raised a Yandere and Didn't Even Know?
    被狠狠揍了一顿，刘桂嘉也不再倔着脾气。
    After getting a harsh beating, 刘桂嘉 dropped her stubborn attitude.
    坐到一张椅子上，用纸巾擦了一下脸后便委屈地讲述着池小橙房间里发生的事情。
    She sat down on a chair, wiped her face with a tissue, and then pitifully recounted what had happened in 池小橙's room.
    避重就轻，她略过了自己欺负池小橙的那一段。
    She conveniently left out the part where she was bullying 池小橙.
    直接说了重点，"本来我就没打算对她怎么样，就是吓了一下她，然后我说池小橙和你都不是什么好东西。"
    She got straight to the point. "I wasn't really planning to do anything to her, I just wanted to scare her. Then I said that 池小橙 and you are both no good."
    "在那之后，池小橙就像是疯了一样。"
    "After that, 池小橙 just went crazy."
    "一边说什么骂她可以，但不能骂你，还往我刀子上撞过来，我说迟早......迟早把你打成一条狗，那池小橙还说就算你是狗，也只能是她的狗，跟我不能有关系这样的话。"
    "She was saying something like it was okay to insult her, but not you, and then she lunged towards my knife. I told her sooner or later... sooner or later I'd beat you like a dog. And then 池小橙 said that even if you were a dog, you could only be *her* dog, and had nothing to do with me."
    "然后，抢了我的刀。"
    "Then, she snatched my knife."
    "给我大腿来了一刀后，又往自己额头划了一下，说什么让我赶紧动手，她才是被害者这种话。"
    "After stabbing me in the thigh, she cut her own forehead and said something like I should hurry up and do it, that *she* was the real victim."
    "最后又自言自语地说什么她又不是病娇。"
    "And finally, she muttered to herself that she wasn't a yandere."
    刘桂嘉光想想，都有点后怕。
    Just thinking about it made 刘桂嘉 shudder with fear.
    又缩了缩脖子，"再后来就是你来到房子里面，二话不说就打我，这个过程中，我才是受害者好不好！"
    She shrank back a little. "And then you came into the house and started hitting me without a word. I'm the victim in all this, okay!"
    苏桃皱了皱眉毛，"你没在骗我？"
    苏桃 frowned. "You're not lying to me?"
    刘桂嘉一听，血压都上来了，甚至不顾脸上的鲜红，直起身怒骂道，"不说你觉得我嘴硬，说了你又不信，我要是骗你我死全家！"
    Hearing this, 刘桂嘉's blood boiled. Ignoring the bright red marks on her face, she shot up and yelled, "If I don't say anything, you think I'm being stubborn. If I tell you, you don't believe me! If I'm lying, may my whole family die!"
    苏桃摸了摸下巴，又问，"那当时小橙的状态呢，表情之类的是什么样的？"
    苏桃 stroked her chin and asked, "So what was 小橙's state at the time? Her expression, and things like that?"
    "这......"刘桂嘉冷静地回忆了一下，"感觉像是变了个人，语气疯狂，脸色潮/红，眼睛有点像猫的那种，总之就......很恐怖！"
    "Well..." 刘桂嘉 calmly recalled. "It was like she became a different person. Her tone was frantic, her face was flushed, and her eyes were kind of like a cat's... In short... it was terrifying!"
    这点她倒是没骗人。
    On this point, she wasn't lying.
    苏桃印象中，无论是地下室还是那次天台，池小橙也是这样的状态。
    苏桃 remembered that whether it was in the basement or on the rooftop that time, 池小橙 had been in a similar state.
    她姑且称之为病娇形态。
    She had tentatively labeled it her 'yandere mode'.
    平时还算正常，可一旦触碰到她的底线，整个人就会变得病态癫狂。
    Normally, she was quite normal, but once her limits were pushed, she would become pathologically frenzied.
    但问题就在这里。
    But that was where the problem was.
    她恶补过了病娇的知识。
    She had crammed on the topic of yanderes.
    毫无疑问，池小橙此前所展现的状态，就是病娇的那种"病态"，自我伤害、一心求死等。
    Without a doubt, the state 池小橙 had shown before—the self-harm, the single-minded desire for death—was the 'pathological' side of a yandere.
    可病娇另一大特点是，善于伪装！
    But another major trait of a yandere is that they are masters of disguise!
    并且成医生说过，病娇通常情况下，是不知道自己是病娇的。
    And Dr. Cheng had said that yanderes usually don't know they are yanderes.
    小橙知道自己是病娇。
    小橙 knew she was a yandere.
    还说自己不是病娇。
    And yet she said she wasn't one.
    却又表现出种种病态的一面。
    But she still showed all sorts of pathological signs.
    那么问题来了。
    So, the question was.
    她到底是不是病娇？
    Was she really a yandere or not?
    苏桃可从来不知道池小橙还有这样的一份演技。
    苏桃 never knew 池小橙 was capable of such acting.
    "令人头疼。"
    "What a headache."
    苏桃揉了揉眉心，她发现自己一个人想不出个所以然来。
    苏桃 rubbed her temples. She realized she couldn't figure it out on her own.
    见门外天色渐晚，便拿出手机，看向刘桂嘉，"欠小橙的那七千块扫过来。"
    Seeing it was getting late outside, she took out her phone and looked at 刘桂嘉. "That seven thousand you owe 小橙. Send it over."
    刘桂嘉脸色一僵，"我...我没有钱，身上就三百块。"
    刘桂嘉's face stiffened. "I... I don't have the money. I only have three hundred on me."
    苏桃松动了一下指骨，发出一阵噼里啪啦的声音，缓缓问道，"钱都没有，那你想怎么解决？"
    苏桃 cracked her knuckles, making a series of popping sounds, and asked slowly, "No money? Then how do you plan to settle this?"
    "我...我......"刘桂嘉神色慌乱，生怕苏桃再度出手打自己，思绪几乎不过脑子，直直说道，"我用身体还可以吗？"
    "I... I..." 刘桂嘉 looked flustered, terrified that 苏桃 would hit her again. Without thinking, the words tumbled out, "Can I... pay with my body?"
    她缩了缩脖子，"你和池小橙的关系肯定不一般吧，毕竟你能把她训成那个鬼样子，你要是不介意的话，我......"
    She shrank back. "You and 池小橙 must have a special relationship, right? After all, you trained her to be like... that. If you don't mind, I..."
    "打住！"
    "Stop!"
    苏桃一脸恶寒地起身后退，"也不看看自己什么样，你别恶心我。"
    苏桃 backed away with a look of disgust. "Take a good look at yourself. Don't make me sick."
    同样是女孩子，对比之下。
    They were both girls, but in comparison...
    刘桂嘉简直就是癞蛤蟆。
    刘桂嘉 was simply a toad.
    论可爱还得是小橙。
    When it came to being cute, it had to be 小橙.
    脑海中浮现池小橙可爱的脸蛋和乖巧甜蜜的笑容，苏桃心中轻松了不少。
    The image of 池小橙's cute face and her sweet, obedient smile appeared in 苏桃's mind, and her heart felt much lighter.
    她呼了一口气，"一个月，拿不出这些钱我还会再过来的，要是被我知道你还去欺凌弱小，就等着一辈子蹲牢里吧！"
    She let out a breath. "One month. If you can't come up with the money, I'll be back. And if I find out you've been bullying weaker people again, you can expect to spend the rest of your life in jail!"
    说罢，苏桃就打算离开。
    With that said, 苏桃 turned to leave.
    可眼尖的她，注意到角落边还缩着一个小小的身影。
    But her sharp eyes noticed a small figure huddled in the corner.
    看着和池小橙一样娇小。
    She looked just as small as 池小橙.
    衣衫褴褛，头发和裸在外的肌肤也脏乱无比。
    Her clothes were ragged, and her hair and exposed skin were filthy.
    她恶狠狠地瞪了一眼刘桂嘉，走到这个小跟班旁边，伸出了手。
    She shot a fierce glare at 刘桂嘉, walked over to this little follower, and held out her hand.
    笑容像洒下的月光，"放心吧，以后她不敢再欺负你的，我叫苏桃，你叫什么？"
    Her smile was like gentle moonlight. "Don't worry, she won't dare to bully you again. I'm 苏桃, what's your name?"
    然而出乎苏桃意料的是，眼前这个女孩竟是再度缩了缩身子。
    However, to 苏桃's surprise, the girl in front of her shrank back again.
    迅速摇了摇头，没有去触摸她伸出的手。
    She quickly shook her head, not reaching for the outstretched hand.
    苏桃本以为对方是被吓到了。
    苏桃 thought she was just scared.
    却又听到她发出软弱的声音，"谢谢。"
    But then she heard her say in a weak voice, "Thank you."
    紧接着再度摇头。
    Then, she shook her head again.
    这一次，是明确的拒绝。
    This time, it was a clear refusal.
    她应该也是被欺凌的人，居然这样拒绝自己。
    She must be one of the bullied ones too, yet she rejected her like this.
    有点怪。
    A bit strange.
    但苏桃也没过多干涉，她尊重每个人的选择。
    But 苏桃 didn't interfere; she respected everyone's choices.
    临行前，脑子忽然想到什么，回眸看向刘桂嘉，"对了，你觉得小橙为什么会变成那样，就是你说的疯了似的。"
    Just before leaving, a thought suddenly struck her. She looked back at 刘桂嘉. "By the way, why do you think 小橙 became like that, 'crazy' as you put it?"
    "蛤？"刘桂嘉捂着脸，看傻子一样看着苏桃，"不是你造成的吗，你养的狗......不对，你带的人为什么会变成这样你不知道？"
    "Huh?" 刘桂嘉 covered her face and stared at 苏桃 as if she were an idiot. "Wasn't it your fault? The dog you raised... no, the person you're in charge of, how could you not know why she turned out like that?"
    得到回答，苏桃叹了口气。
    Hearing the reply, 苏桃 sighed.
    走出门外。
    She walked out the door.
    夕阳已经落下，月亮透过云层，开始与星星共舞。
    The sun had already set, and the moon, peeking through the clouds, began its dance with the stars.
    即将入冬，天黑得越来越快。
    Winter was approaching, and the days were getting shorter.
    也越来越冷了。
    And colder, too.
    苏桃呼了一口热气，缓缓走入深巷。
    苏桃 breathed out a puff of warm air and slowly walked into the dark alley.
    次日清晨，休息了一晚的池小橙捂着脑袋起床。
    The next morning, after a night's rest, 池小橙 woke up holding her head.
    "系统，情绪值多少了？"
    "System, what's the emotion value?"
    这是她每天起床都会确认的事情。
    This was something she checked every morning.
    通过各大主角提供情绪值的时间和数量，来估测是否发生了什么重要的事情。
    By checking the timing and amount of emotion points from the main characters, she could estimate if anything important had happened.
    [回宿主，754点]
    [Replying to Host, 754 points.]
    [在昨天傍晚，女主苏桃和男主叶良都分别提供了一笔情绪值]
    [Yesterday evening, the female lead 苏桃 and the male lead 叶良 both provided a sum of emotion points.]
    她不主动整大活的情况下，想快速获得情绪值可不简单，平时就算有也是三五点。
    Without her actively stirring up trouble, it wasn't easy to get emotion points quickly. Usually, she would only get three to five points at a time.
    现在居然直接加了几百点？
    And now she had gained several hundred points at once?
    "昨天傍晚发生了什么？"
    "What happened yesterday evening?"
    苏桃还好，无非就是在意自己的事情，所以产生情绪值。
    苏桃 was understandable; she was probably just worried about her, which generated emotion points.
    倒是叶良，自己住院几天，回家又不出门，一直躲下去似乎不是办法。
    But as for 叶良... she had been in the hospital for a few days and hadn't left home since returning. It seemed hiding forever wasn't a solution.
    *Ding-dong~*
    手机响了一下。
    Her phone chimed.
    池小橙拿起手机，是陈倩从微信发来的消息："池小橙，今天已经是第七天了，说好的给我解药呢，我脸上开始长痱子了，你快给我解药啊！"
    池小橙 picked up her phone. It was a message from 陈倩 on WeChat: "池小橙, it's been seven days. Where's the antidote you promised me? I'm starting to get a rash on my face, hurry up and give me the antidote!"
    这时池小橙才想起来，约好了每周给一次所谓的解药陈倩。
    Only then did 池小橙 remember that she had promised to give 陈倩 the so-called antidote once a week.
    可实际上，之前加料的矿泉水也只是矿泉水而已。
    But in reality, the "spiked" mineral water was just mineral water.
    长痱子...内分泌失调还是过敏？
    A rash... a hormonal imbalance or an allergic reaction?
    池小橙打字回道，"别着急，这段时间让你关心苏桃，现在怎么样了？"
    池小橙 typed back, "Don't worry. I asked you to keep an eye on 苏桃. How is that going?"
    陈倩："那家伙也是蠢，随便说点什么就信了，加上上次你说推给她心理医生的事情，现在别说有多信任我了。"
    陈倩: "That girl is an idiot. She believes whatever I say. Plus, after you told me to recommend that psychologist to her, she trusts me completely now."
    池小橙："可以，你继续发展，最好成为她无话不谈的好朋友，另外昨晚她回宿舍了吧，知道她傍晚的时候去做了什么吗？"
    池小橙: "Good, keep it up. It would be best if you became her best friend who she tells everything to. By the way, she went back to the dorm last night, right? Do you know what she did in the evening?"
    陈倩："不太清楚，她回来的时候好像挺累的，不过睡觉前和司辰聊了十分钟的电话，内容我不知道是什么。"
    陈倩: "Not sure. She seemed pretty tired when she got back. But she talked on the phone with 司辰 for about ten minutes before bed. I don't know what they talked about."
    "司辰？"
    "司辰?"
    池小橙挑眉，脑海浮现了一个戴眼镜的阴险男人形象。
    池小橙 raised an eyebrow. An image of a sinister, glasses-wearing man appeared in her mind.
    这也是小说中重要的男主之一，并且他的人设类型，恰巧是池小橙非常难对付的那种！
    He was also one of the important male leads in the novel, and his character type was one that 池小橙 found particularly difficult to deal with!
    池小橙发消息给陈倩，"去月见咖啡厅等我，我拿解药给你。"
    池小橙 sent a message to 陈倩, "Go wait for me at the Moonview Cafe. I'll bring you the antidote." 